{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 AMY ELLIOTT DUNNE\
\
\
THE DAY OF\
\
\
\
I\'92m so much happier now that I\'92m dead.\
\
Technically, missing. Soon to be presumed dead. But as shorthand, we\'92ll say dead. It\'92s been only a matter of hours, but I feel better already: loose joints, wavy muscles. At one point this morning, I realized my face felt strange, different. I looked in the rearview mirror \'96 dread Carthage forty-three miles behind me, my smug husband lounging around his sticky bar as mayhem dangled on a thin piano wire just above his shitty, oblivious head \'96 and I realized I was smiling. Ha! That\'92s new.\
\
My checklist for today \'96 one of many checklists I\'92ve made over the past year \'96 sits beside me in the passenger seat, a spot of blood right next to Item 22: Cut myself. But Amy is afraid of blood, the diary readers will say. (The diary, yes! We\'92ll get to my brilliant diary.) No, I\'92m not, not a bit, but for the past year I\'92ve been saying I am. I told Nick probably half a dozen times how afraid I am of blood, and when he said, \'91I don\'92t remember you being so afraid of blood,\'92 I replied, \'91I\'92ve told you, I\'92ve told you so many times!\'92 Nick has such a careless memory for other people\'92s problems, he just assumed it was true. Swooning at the plasma center, that was a nice touch. I really did that, I didn\'92t just write that I did. (Don\'92t fret, we\'92ll sort this out: the true and the not true and the might as well be true.)\
\
Item 22: Cut myself has been on the list a long time. Now it\'92s real, and my arm hurts. A lot. It takes a very special discipline to slice oneself past the paper-cut layer, down to the muscle. You want a lot of blood, but not so much that you pass out, get discovered hours later in a kiddie pool of red with a lot of explaining to do. I held a box cutter to my wrist first, but looking at that crisscross of veins, I felt like a bomb technician in an action movie: Snip the wrong line and you die. I ended up cutting into the inside of my upper arm, gnawing on a rag so I wouldn\'92t scream. One long, deep good one. I sat cross-legged on my kitchen floor for ten minutes, letting the blood drizzle steadily until I\'92d made a nice thick puddle. Then I cleaned it up as poorly as Nick would have done after he bashed my head in. I want the house to tell a story of conflict between true and false. The living room looks staged, yet the blood has been cleaned up: It can\'92t be Amy!\
\
So the self-mutilation was worth it. Still, hours later, the slice burns under my sleeves, under the tourniquet. (Item 30: Carefully dress wound, ensuring no blood has dripped where it shouldn\'92t be present. Wrap box cutter and tuck away in pocket for later disposal.)\
\
Item 18: Stage the living room. Tip ottoman. Check.\
\
Item 12: Wrap the First Clue in its box and tuck it just out of the way so the police will find it before dazed husband thinks to look for it. It has to be part of the police record. I want him to be forced to start the treasure hunt (his ego will make him finish it). Check.\
\
Item 32: Change into generic clothes, tuck hair in hat, climb down the banks of the river, and scuttle along the edge, the water lapping inches below, until you reach the edge of the complex. Do this even though you know the Teverers, the only neighbors with a view of the river, will be at church. Do this because you never know. You always take the extra step that others don\'92t, that\'92s who you are.\
\
Item 29: Say goodbye to Bleecker. Smell his little stinky cat breath one last time. Fill his kibble dish in case people forget to feed him once everything starts.\
\
Item 33: Get the fuck out of Dodge.\
\
Check, check, check.\
\
I can tell you more about how I did everything, but I\'92d like you to know me first. Not Diary Amy, who is a work of fiction (and Nick said I wasn\'92t really a writer, and why did I ever listen to him?), but me, Actual Amy. What kind of woman would do such a thing? Let me tell you a story, a true story, so you can begin to understand.\
\
To start: I should never have been born.\
\
My mother had five miscarriages and two stillbirths before me. One a year, in the fall, as if it were a seasonal duty, like crop rotation. They were all girls; they were all named Hope. I\'92m sure it was my father\'92s suggestion \'96 his optimistic impulse, his tie-dyed earnestness: We can\'92t give up hope, Marybeth. But give up Hope is exactly what they did, over and over again.\
\
The doctors ordered my parents to stop trying; they refused. They are not quitters. They tried and tried, and finally came me. My mother didn\'92t count on my being alive, couldn\'92t bear to think of me as an actual baby, a living child, a girl who would get to come home. I would have been Hope 8, if things had gone badly. But I entered the world hollering \'96 an electric, neon pink. My parents were so surprised, they realized they\'92d never discussed a name, not a real one, for a real child. For my first two days in the hospital, they didn\'92t name me. Each morning my mother would hear the door to her room open and feel the nurse lingering in the doorway (I always pictured her vintage, with swaying white skirts and one of those folded caps like a Chinese take-out box). The nurse would linger, and my mother would ask without even looking up, \'91Is she still alive?\'92\
\
When I remained alive, they named me Amy, because it was a regular girl\'92s name, a popular girl\'92s name, a name a thousand other baby girls were given that year, so maybe the Gods wouldn\'92t notice this little baby nestled among the others. Marybeth said if she were to do it again, she\'92d name me Lydia.\
\
I grew up feeling special, proud. I was the girl who battled oblivion and won. The chances were about 1 percent, but I did it. I ruined my mother\'92s womb in the process \'96 my own prenatal Sherman\'92s March. Marybeth would never have another baby. As a child, I got a vibrant pleasure out of this: just me, just me, only me.\
\
My mother would sip hot tea on the days of the Hopes\'92 birth-deaths, sit in a rocker with a blanket, and say she was just \'91taking a little time for myself.\'92 Nothing dramatic, my mother is too sensible to sing dirges, but she would get pensive, she would remove herself, and I would have none of it, needful thing that I was. I would clamber onto my mother\'92s lap, or thrust a crayoned drawing in her face, or remember a permission slip that needed prompt attention. My father would try to distract me, try to take me to a movie or bribe me with sweets. No matter the ruse, it didn\'92t work. I wouldn\'92t give my mother those few minutes.\
\
I\'92ve always been better than the Hopes, I was the one who made it. But I\'92ve always been jealous too, always \'96 seven dead dancing princesses. They get to be perfect without even trying, without even facing one moment of existence, while I am stuck here on earth, and every day I must try, and every day is a chance to be less than perfect.\
\
It\'92s an exhausting way to live. I lived that way until I was thirty-one.\
\
And then, for about two years, everything was okay. Because of Nick.\
\
Nick loved me. A six-o kind of love: He looooooved me. But he didn\'92t love me, me. Nick loved a girl who doesn\'92t exist. I was pretending, the way I often did, pretending to have a personality. I can\'92t help it, it\'92s what I\'92ve always done: The way some women change fashion regularly, I change personalities. What persona feels good, what\'92s coveted, what\'92s au courant? I think most people do this, they just don\'92t admit it, or else they settle on one persona because they\'92re too lazy or stupid to pull off a switch.\
\
That night at the Brooklyn party, I was playing the girl who was in style, the girl a man like Nick wants: the Cool Girl. Men always say that as the defining compliment, don\'92t they? She\'92s a cool girl. Being the Cool Girl means I am a hot, brilliant, funny woman who adores football, poker, dirty jokes, and burping, who plays video games, drinks cheap beer, loves threesomes and anal sex, and jams hot dogs and hamburgers into her mouth like she\'92s hosting the world\'92s biggest culinary gang bang while somehow maintaining a size 2, because Cool Girls are above all hot. Hot and understanding. Cool Girls never get angry; they only smile in a chagrined, loving manner and let their men do whatever they want. Go ahead, shit on me, I don\'92t mind, I\'92m the Cool Girl.\
\
Men actually think this girl exists. Maybe they\'92re fooled because so many women are willing to pretend to be this girl. For a long time Cool Girl offended me. I used to see men \'96 friends, coworkers, strangers \'96 giddy over these awful pretender women, and I\'92d want to sit these men down and calmly say: You are not dating a woman, you are dating a woman who has watched too many movies written by socially awkward men who\'92d like to believe that this kind of woman exists and might kiss them. I\'92d want to grab the poor guy by his lapels or messenger bag and say: The bitch doesn\'92t really love chili dogs that much \'96 no one loves chili dogs that much! And the Cool Girls are even more pathetic: They\'92re not even pretending to be the woman they want to be, they\'92re pretending to be the woman a man wants them to be. Oh, and if you\'92re not a Cool Girl, I beg you not to believe that your man doesn\'92t want the Cool Girl. It may be a slightly different version \'96 maybe he\'92s a vegetarian, so Cool Girl loves seitan and is great with dogs; or maybe he\'92s a hipster artist, so Cool Girl is a tattooed, bespectacled nerd who loves comics. There are variations to the window dressing, but believe me, he wants Cool Girl, who is basically the girl who likes every fucking thing he likes and doesn\'92t ever complain. (How do you know you\'92re not Cool Girl? Because he says things like: \'91I like strong women.\'92 If he says that to you, he will at some point fuck someone else. Because \'91I like strong women\'92 is code for \'91I hate strong women.\'92)\
\
I waited patiently \'96 years \'96 for the pendulum to swing the other way, for men to start reading Jane Austen, learn how to knit, pretend to love cosmos, organize scrapbook parties, and make out with each other while we leer. And then we\'92d say, Yeah, he\'92s a Cool Guy.\
\
But it never happened. Instead, women across the nation colluded in our degradation! Pretty soon Cool Girl became the standard girl. Men believed she existed \'96 she wasn\'92t just a dreamgirl one in a million. Every girl was supposed to this girl, and if you weren\'92t, then there was something wrong with you.\
\
But it\'92s tempting to be Cool Girl. For someone like me, who likes to win, it\'92s tempting to want to be the girl every guy wants. When I met Nick, I knew immediately that was what he wanted, and for him, I guess I was willing to try. I will accept my portion of blame. The thing is, I was crazy about him at first. I found him perversely exotic, a good ole Missouri boy. He was so damn nice to be around. He teased things out in me that I didn\'92t know existed: a lightness, a humor, an ease. It was as if he hollowed me out and filled me with feathers. He helped me be Cool Girl \'96 I couldn\'92t have been Cool Girl with anyone else. I wouldn\'92t have wanted to. I can\'92t say I didn\'92t enjoy some of it: I ate a MoonPie, I walked barefoot, I stopped worrying. I watched dumb movies and ate chemically laced foods. I didn\'92t think past the first step of anything, that was the key. I drank a Coke and didn\'92t worry about how to recycle the can or about the acid puddling in my belly, acid so powerful it could strip clean a penny. We went to a dumb movie and I didn\'92t worry about the offensive sexism or the lack of minorities in meaningful roles. I didn\'92t even worry whether the movie made sense. I didn\'92t worry about anything that came next. Nothing had consequence, I was living in the moment, and I could feel myself getting shallower and dumber. But also happy.\
\
Until Nick, I\'92d never really felt like a person, because I was always a product. Amazing Amy has to be brilliant, creative, kind, thoughtful, witty, and happy. We just want you to be happy. Rand and Marybeth said that all the time, but they never explained how. So many lessons and opportunities and advantages, and they never taught me how to be happy. I remember always being baffled by other children. I would be at a birthday party and watch the other kids giggling and making faces, and I would try to do that, too, but I wouldn\'92t understand why. I would sit there with the tight elastic thread of the birthday hat parting the pudge of my underchin, with the grainy frosting of the cake bluing my teeth, and I would try to figure out why it was fun.\
\
With Nick, I understood finally. Because he was so much fun. It was like dating a sea otter. He was the first naturally happy person I met who was my equal. He was brilliant and gorgeous and funny and charming and charmed. People liked him. Women loved him. I thought we would be the most perfect union: the happiest couple around. Not that love is a competition. But I don\'92t understand the point of being together if you\'92re not the happiest.\
\
I was probably happier for those few years \'96 pretending to be someone else \'96 than I ever have been before or after. I can\'92t decide what that means.\
\
But then it had to stop, because it wasn\'92t real, it wasn\'92t me. It wasn\'92t me, Nick! I thought you knew. I thought it was a bit of a game. I thought we had a wink-wink, don\'92t ask, don\'92t tell thing going. I tried so hard to be easy. But it was unsustainable. It turned out he couldn\'92t sustain his side either: the witty banter, the clever games, the romance, and the wooing. It all started collapsing on itself. I hated Nick for being surprised when I became me. I hated him for not knowing it had to end, for truly believing he had married this creature, this figment of the imagination of a million masturbatory men, semen-fingered and self-satisfied. He truly seemed astonished when I asked him to listen to me. He couldn\'92t believe I didn\'92t love wax-stripping my pussy raw and blowing him on request. That I did mind when he didn\'92t show up for drinks with my friends. That ludicrous diary entry? I don\'92t need pathetic dancing-monkey scenarios to repeat to my friends, I am content with letting him be himself. That was pure, dumb Cool Girl bullshit. What a cunt. Again, I don\'92t get it: If you let a man cancel plans or decline to do things for you, you lose. You don\'92t get what you want. It\'92s pretty clear. Sure, he may be happy, he may say you\'92re the coolest girl ever, but he\'92s saying it because he got his way. He\'92s calling you a Cool Girl to fool you! That\'92s what men do: They try to make it sound like you are the cool girl so you will bow to their wishes. Like a car salesman saying, How much do you want to pay for this beauty? when you didn\'92t agree to buy it yet. That awful phrase men use: \'91I mean, I know you wouldn\'92t mind if I \'85\'92 Yes, I do mind. Just say it. Don\'92t lose, you dumb little twat.\
\
So it had to stop. Committing to Nick, feeling safe with Nick, being happy with Nick, made me realize that there was a Real Amy in there, and she was so much better, more interesting and complicated and challenging, than Cool Amy. Nick wanted Cool Amy anyway. Can you imagine, finally showing your true self to your spouse, your soul mate, and having him not like you? So that\'92s how the hating first began. I\'92ve thought about this a lot, and that\'92s where it started, I think.\
\
}