{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 AMY ELLIOTT DUNNE\
\
\
SEVEN DAYS GONE\
\
\
\
I\'92m pregnant! Thank you, Noelle Hawthorne, the world knows it now, you little idiot. In the day since she pulled her stunt at my vigil (I do wish she hadn\'92t upstaged my vigil, though \'96 ugly girls can be such thunder stealers), the hatred against Nick has ballooned. I wonder if he can breathe with all that fury building around him.\
\
I knew the key to big-time coverage, round-the-clock, frantic, bloodlust never-ending Ellen Abbott coverage, would be the pregnancy. Amazing Amy is tempting as is. Amazing Amy knocked up is irresistible. Americans like what is easy, and it\'92s easy to like pregnant women \'96 they\'92re like ducklings or bunnies or dogs. Still, it baffles me that these self-righteous, self-enthralled waddlers get such special treatment. As if it\'92s so hard to spread your legs and let a man ejaculate between them.\
\
You know what is hard? Faking a pregnancy.\
\
Pay attention, because this is impressive. It started with my vacant-brained friend Noelle. The Midwest is full of these types of people: the nice-enoughs. Nice enough but with a soul made of plastic \'96 easy to mold, easy to wipe down. The woman\'92s entire music collection is formed from Pottery Barn compilations. Her bookshelves are stocked with coffee-table crap: The Irish in America. Mizzou Football: A History in Pictures. We Remember 9/11. Something Dumb with Kittens. I knew I needed a pliant friend for my plan, someone I could load up with awful stories about Nick, someone who would become overly attached to me, someone who\'92d be easy to manipulate, who wouldn\'92t think too hard about anything I said because she felt privileged to hear it. Noelle was the obvious choice, and when she told me she was pregnant again \'96 triplets weren\'92t enough, apparently \'96 I realized I could be pregnant too.\
\
A search online: how to drain your toilet for repair.\
\
Noelle invited for lemonade. Lots of lemonade.\
\
Noelle peeing in my drained, unflushable toilet, each of us so terribly embarrassed!\
\
Me, a small glass jar, the pee in my toilet going into the glass jar.\
\
Me, a well-laid history of needle/blood phobia.\
\
Me, the glass jar of pee hidden in my purse, a doctor\'92s appointment (oh, I can\'92t do a blood test, I have a total phobia of needles \'85 urine test, that\'92ll do fine, thank you).\
\
Me, a pregnancy on my medical record.\
\
Me, running to Noelle with the good news.\
\
Perfect. Nick gets another motive, I get to be sweet missing pregnant lady, my parents suffer even more, Ellen Abbott can\'92t resist. Honestly, it was thrilling to be selected finally, officially for Ellen among all the hundreds of other cases. It\'92s sort of like a talent competition: You do the best you can, and then it\'92s out of your hands, it\'92s up to the judges.\
\
And, oh, does she hate Nick and love me. I wished my parents weren\'92t getting such special treatment, though. I watch them on the news coverage, my mom thin and reedy, the cords in her neck like spindly tree branches, always flexed. I see my dad grown ruddy with fear, the eyes a little too wide, the smile squared. He\'92s a handsome man, usually, but he\'92s beginning to look like a caricature, a possessed clown doll. I know I should feel sorry for them, but I don\'92t. I\'92ve never been more to them than a symbol anyway, the walking ideal. Amazing Amy in the flesh. Don\'92t screw up, you are Amazing Amy. Our only one. There is an unfair responsibility that comes with being an only child \'96 you grow up knowing you aren\'92t allowed to disappoint, you\'92re not even allowed to die. There isn\'92t a replacement toddling around; you\'92re it. It makes you desperate to be flawless, and it also makes you drunk with the power. In such ways are despots made.\
\
This morning I stroll over to Dorothy\'92s office to get a soda. It\'92s a tiny wood-paneled room. The desk seems to have no purpose other than holding Dorothy\'92s collection of snow globes from places that seem unworthy of commemoration: Gulf Shores, Alabama, Hilo, Arkansas. When I see the snow globes, I don\'92t see paradise, I see overheated hillbillies with sunburns tugging along wailing, clumsy children, smacking them with one hand, with the other clutching giant non-biodegradable Styrofoam cups of warm corn-syrupy drinks.\
\
Dorothy has one of those \'9270s kitten-in-a-tree posters \'96 Hang in There! She posts her poster with all sincerity. I like to picture her running into some self-impressed Williamsburg bitch, all Bettie Page bangs and pointy glasses, who owns the same poster ironically. I\'92d like to listen to them try to negotiate each other. Ironic people always dissolve when confronted with earnestness, it\'92s their kryptonite. Dorothy has another gem taped to the wall by the soda machine, showing a toddler asleep on the toilet \'96 Too Tired to Tinkle. I\'92ve been thinking about stealing this one, a fingernail under the old yellow tape, while I distract-chat with Dorothy. I bet I could get some decent cash for it on eBay \'96 I\'92d like to keep some cash coming in \'96 but I can\'92t do it, because that would create an electronic trail, and I\'92ve read plenty about those from my myriad true-crime books. Electronic trails are bad: Don\'92t use a cell phone that\'92s registered to you, because the cell towers can ping your location. Don\'92t use your ATM or credit card. Use only public computers, well trafficked. Beware of the number of cameras that can be on any given street, especially near a bank or a busy intersection or bodegas. Not that there are any bodegas down here. There are no cameras either, in our cabin complex. I know \'96 I asked Dorothy, pretending it was a safety issue.\
\
\'91Our clients aren\'92t exactly Big Brother types,\'92 she said. \'91Not that they\'92re criminals, but they don\'92t usually like to be on the radar.\'92\
\
No, they don\'92t seem like they\'92d appreciate that. There\'92s my friend Jeff, who keeps his odd hours and returns with suspicious amounts of undocumented fish that he stores in massive ice chests. He is literally fishy. At the far cabin is a couple who are probably in their forties, but meth-weathered, so they look at least sixty. They stay inside most of the time, aside from occasional wild-eyed treks to the laundry room \'96 darting across the gravel parking lot with their clothes in trash bags, some sort of tweaky spring cleaning. Hellohello, they say, always twice with two head nods, then continue on their way. The man sometimes has a boa constrictor wrapped around his neck, though the snake is never acknowledged, by me or him. In addition to these regulars, a goodly amount of single women straggle through, usually with bruises. Some seem embarrassed, others horribly sad.\
\
One moved in yesterday, a blond girl, very young, with brown eyes and a split lip. She sat on her front porch \'96 the cabin next to mine \'96 smoking a cigarette, and when we caught each other\'92s eye, she sat up straight, proud, her chin jutted out. No apology in her. I thought: I need to be like her. I will make a study of her: She is who I can be for a bit \'96 the abused tough girl hiding out until the storm passes over.\
\
After a few hours of morning TV \'96 scanning for any news on the Amy Elliott Dunne case \'96 I slip into my clammy bikini. I\'92ll go to the pool. Float a bit, take a vacation from my harpy brain. The pregnancy news was gratifying, but there is still so much I don\'92t know. I planned so hard, but there are things beyond my control, spoiling my vision of how this should go. Andie hasn\'92t done her part. The diary may need some help being found. The police haven\'92t made a move to arrest Nick. I don\'92t know what all they\'92ve discovered, and I don\'92t like it. I\'92m tempted to make a call, a tip-line call, to nudge them in the right direction. I\'92ll wait a few more days. I have a calendar on my wall, and I mark three days from now with the words CALL TODAY. So I know that\'92s how long I\'92ve agreed to wait. Once they find the diary, things will move quickly.\
\
Outside, it\'92s jungle-hot once again, the cicadas closing in. My inflatable raft is pink with mermaids on it and too small for me \'96 my calves dangle in the water \'96 but it keeps me floating aimlessly for a good hour, which is something I\'92ve learned \'91I\'92 like to do.\
\
I can see a blond head bobbing across the parking lot, and then the girl with the split lip comes through the chain-link gate with one of the bath towels from the cabins, no bigger than a tea towel, and a pack of Merits and a book and SPF 120. Lung cancer but not skin. She settles herself and applies the lotion carefully, which is different from the other beat-up women who come here \'96 they slather themselves in baby oil, leave greasy shadows on the lawn chairs.\
\
The girl nods to me, the nod men give each other when they sit down at a bar. She is reading The Martian Chronicles by Ray Bradbury. A sci-fi girl. Abused women like escapism, of course.\
\
\'91Good book,\'92 I toss over to her, a harmless conversational beach ball.\
\
\'91Someone left it in my cabin. It was this or Black Beauty.\'92 She puts on fat, cheap sunglasses.\
\
\'91Not bad either. Black Stallion\'92s better, though.\'92\
\
She looks up at me with sunglasses still on. Two black bee-eyed discs. \'91Hunh.\'92\
\
She turns back to her book, the pointed I am now reading gesture usually seen on crowded airplanes. And I am the annoying busybody next to her who hogs the armrest and says things like \'91Business or pleasure?\'92\
\
\'91I\'92m Nancy,\'92 I say. A new name \'96 not Lydia \'96 which isn\'92t smart in these cramped quarters, but it comes out. My brain sometimes goes too fast for my own good. I was thinking of the girl\'92s split lip, her sad, pre-owned vibe, and then I was thinking of abuse and prostitution, and then I was thinking of Oliver!, my favorite musical as a child, and the doomed hooker Nancy, who loved her violent man right until he killed her, and then I was wondering why my feminist mother and I ever watched Oliver!, considering \'91As Long as He Needs Me\'92 is basically a lilting paean to domestic violence, and then I was thinking that Diary Amy was also killed by her man, she was actually a lot like\'97\
\
\'91I\'92m Nancy,\'92 I say.\
\
\'91Greta.\'92\
\
Sounds made up.\
\
\'91Nice to meet you, Greta.\'92\
\
I float away. Behind me I hear the shwick of Greta\'92s lighter, and then smoke wafts overhead like spindrifts.\
\
Forty minutes later, Greta sits down on the edge of the pool, dangles her legs in the water. \'91It\'92s hot,\'92 she says. \'91The water.\'92 She has a husky, hardy voice, cigarettes and prairie dirt.\
\
\'91Like bathwater.\'92\
\
\'91It\'92s not very refreshing.\'92\
\
\'91The lake\'92s not much cooler.\'92\
\
\'91I can\'92t swim anyway,\'92 she says.\
\
I\'92ve never met anyone who can\'92t swim. \'91I can just barely,\'92 I lie. \'91Dog paddle.\'92\
\
She ruffles her legs, the waves gently rocking my raft. \'91So what\'92s it like here?\'92 she asks.\
\
\'91Nice. Quiet.\'92\
\
\'91Good, that\'92s what I need.\'92\
\
I turn to look at her. She has two gold necklaces, a perfectly round bruise the size of a plum near her left breast, and a shamrock tattoo just above her bikini line. Her swimsuit is brand-new, cherry-red, cheap. From the marina convenience store where I bought my raft.\
\
\'91You on your own?\'92 I ask.\
\
\'91Very.\'92\
\
I am unsure what to ask next. Is there some sort of code that abused women use with each other, a language I don\'92t know?\
\
\'91Guy trouble?\'92\
\
She twitches an eyebrow at me that seems to be a yes.\
\
\'91Me too,\'92\
\
I say. \'91It\'92s not like we weren\'92t warned,\'92 she says. She cups her hand into the water, lets it dribble down her front. \'91My mom, one of the first things she ever told me, going to school the first day: Stay away from boys. They\'92ll either throw rocks or look up your skirt.\'92\
\
\'91You should make a T-shirt that says that.\'92\
\
She laughs. \'91It\'92s true, though. It\'92s always true. My mom lives in a lesbian village down in Texas. I keep thinking I should join her. Everyone seems happy there.\'92\
\
\'91A lesbian village?\'92\
\
\'91Like a, a whaddayacallit. A commune. Bunch of lesbians bought land, started their own society, sort of. No men allowed. Sounds just freakin\'92 great to me, world without men.\'92 She cups another handful of water, pulls up her sunglasses, and wets her face. \'91Too bad I don\'92t like pussy.\'92\
\
She laughs, an old woman\'92s angry-bark laugh. \'91So, are there any asshole guys here I can start dating?\'92 she says. \'91That\'92s my, like, pattern. Run away from one, bump into the next.\'92\
\
\'91It\'92s half empty most of the time. There\'92s Jeff, the guy with the beard, he\'92s actually really nice,\'92 I say. \'91He\'92s been here longer than me.\'92\
\
\'91How long are you staying?\'92 she asks.\
\
I pause. It\'92s odd, I don\'92t know the exact amount of time I will be here. I had planned on staying until Nick was arrested, but I have no idea if he will be arrested soon.\
\
\'91Till he stops looking for you, huh?\'92 Greta guesses.\
\
\'91Something like that.\'92\
\
She examines me closely, frowns. My stomach tightens. I wait for her to say it: You look familiar.\
\
\'91Never go back to a man with fresh bruises. Don\'92t give him the satisfaction,\'92 Greta intones. She stands up, gathers her things. Dries her legs on the tiny towel.\
\
\'91Good day killed,\'92 she says.\
\
For some reason, I give a thumbs-up, which I\'92ve never done in my life.\
\
\'91Come to my cabin when you get out, if you want to,\'92 she says. \'91We can watch TV.\'92\
\
I bring a fresh tomato from Dorothy, held in my palm like a shiny housewarming gift. Greta comes to the door and barely acknowledges me, as if I\'92ve been dropping over for years. She plucks the tomato from my hand.\
\
\'91Perfect, I was just making sandwiches,\'92 she says. \'91Grab a seat.\'92 She points toward the bed \'96 we have no sitting rooms here \'96 and moves into her kitchenette, which has the same plastic cutting board, the same dull knife, as mine. She slices the tomato. A plastic disc of lunch meat sits on the counter, the stomachy-sweet smell filling the room. She sets two slippery sandwiches on paper plates, along with handfuls of goldfish crackers, and marches them into the bedroom area, her hand already on the remote, flipping from noise to noise. We sit on the edge of the bed, side by side, watching the TV.\
\
\'91Stop me if you see something,\'92 Greta says.\
\
I take a bite of my sandwich. My tomato slips out the side and onto my thigh.\
\
The Beverly Hillbillies, Suddenly Susan, Armageddon.\
\
Ellen Abbott Live. A photo of me fills the screen. I am the lead story. Again. I look great.\
\
\'91You seen this?\'92 Greta asked, not looking at me, talking as if my disappearance were a rerun of a decent TV show. \'91This woman vanishes on her five-year wedding anniversary. Husband acts real weird from the start, all smiley and shit. Turns out he bumped up her life insurance, and they just found out the wife was pregnant. And the guy didn\'92t want it.\'92\
\
The screen cuts to another photo of me juxtaposed with Amazing Amy.\
\
Greta turns to me. \'91You remember those books?\'92\
\
\'91Of course!\'92\
\
\'91You like those books?\'92\
\
\'91Everyone likes those books, they\'92re so cute,\'92 I say.\
\
Greta snorts. \'91They\'92re so fake.\'92\
\
Close-up of me.\
\
I wait for her to say how beautiful I am.\
\
\'91She\'92s not bad, huh, for, like, her age,\'92 she says. \'91I hope I look that good when I\'92m forty.\'92\
\
Ellen is filling the audience in on my story; my photo lingers on the screen.\
\
\'91Sounds to me like she was a spoiled rich girl,\'92 Greta says. \'91High-maintenance. Bitchy.\'92\
\
That is simply unfair. I\'92d left no evidence for anyone to conclude that. Since I\'92d moved to Missouri \'96 well, since I\'92d come up with my plan \'96 I\'92d been careful to be low-maintenance, easygoing, cheerful, all those things people want women to be. I waved to neighbors, I ran errands for Mo\'92s friends, I once brought cola to the ever-soiled Stucks Buckley. I visited Nick\'92s dad so that all the nurses could testify to how nice I was, so I could whisper over and over into Bill Dunne\'92s spiderweb brain: I love you, come live with us, I love you, come live with us. Just to see if it would catch. Nick\'92s dad is what the people of Comfort Hill call a roamer \'96 he is always wandering off. I love the idea of Bill Dunne, the living totem of everything Nick fears he could become, the object of Nick\'92s most profound despair, showing up over and over and over on our doorstep.\
\
\'91How does she seem bitchy?\'92 I ask.\
\
She shrugs. The TV goes to a commercial for air freshener. A woman is spraying air freshener so her family will be happy. Then to a commercial for very thin panty liners so a woman can wear a dress and dance and meet the man she will later spray air freshener for.\
\
Clean and bleed. Bleed and clean.\
\
\'91You can just tell,\'92 Greta says. \'91She just sounds like a rich, bored bitch. Like those rich bitches who use their husbands\'92 money to start, like, cupcake companies and card shops and shit. Boutiques.\'92\
\
In New York, I had friends with all those kinds of businesses \'96 they liked to be able to say they worked, even though they only did the little stuff that was fun: Name the cupcake, order the stationery, wear the adorable dress that was from their very own store.\
\
\'91She\'92s definitely one of those,\'92 Greta said. \'91Rich bitch putting on airs.\'92\
\
Greta leaves to go to the bathroom, and I tiptoe into her kitchen, go into her fridge, and spit in her milk, her orange juice, and a container of potato salad, then tiptoe back to the bed.\
\
Flush. Greta returns. \'91I mean, all that doesn\'92t mean it\'92s okay that he killed her. She\'92s just another woman, made a very bad choice in her man.\'92\
\
She is looking right at me, and I wait for her to say, \'91Hey, wait a minute \'85\'92\
\
But she turns back to the TV, rearranges herself so she is lying on her stomach like a child, her chin in her hands, her face directed at my image on the screen.\
\
\'91Oh, shit, here it goes,\'92 Greta says. \'91People are hatin\'92 on this guy.\'92\
\
The show gets underway, and I feel a bit better. It is the apotheosis of Amy.\
\
Campbell MacIntosh, childhood friend: \'91Amy is just a nurturing, motherly type of woman. She loved being a wife. And I know she would have been a great mother. But Nick \'96 you just knew Nick was wrong somehow. Cold and aloof and really calculating \'96 you got the feeling that he was definitely aware of how much money Amy had.\'92\
\
(Campbell is lying: She got all googly around Nick, she absolutely adored him. But I\'92m sure she liked the idea that he only married me for my money.)\
\
Shawna Kelly North, Carthage resident: \'91I found it really, really strange how totally unconcerned he was at the search for his wife. He was just, you know, chatting, passing the time. Flirting around with me, who he didn\'92t know from Adam. I\'92d try to turn the conversation to Amy, and he would just \'96 just no interest.\'92\
\
(I\'92m sure this desperate old slut absolutely did not try to turn the conversation toward me.)\
\
Steven \'91Stucks\'92 Buckley, longtime friend of Nick Dunne: \'91She was a sweetheart. Sweet. Heart. And Nick? He just didn\'92t seem that worried about Amy being gone. The guy was always like that: self-centered. Stuck up a little. Like he\'92d made it all big in New York and we should all bow down.\'92\
\
(I despise Stucks Buckley, and what the fuck kind of name is that?)\
\
Noelle Hawthorne, looking like she just got new highlights: \'91I think he killed her. No one will say it, but I will. He abused her, and he bullied her, and he finally killed her.\'92\
\
(Good dog.)\
\
Greta glances sideways at me, her cheeks smushed up under her hands, her face flickering in the TV glow.\
\
\'91I hope that\'92s not true,\'92 she says. \'91That he killed her. It\'92d be nice to think that maybe she just got away, just ran away from him, and she\'92s hiding out all safe and sound.\'92\
\
She kicks her legs back and forth like a lazy swimmer. I can\'92t tell if she\'92s fucking with me.\
\
\
\
\
\
}