{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
AMY ELLIOTT DUNNE\
\
\
EIGHT DAYS GONE\
\
\
\
I am wet from the bumper boats; we got more than five dollars\'92 worth of time because the two sun-stunned teenage girls would rather flip through gossip magazines and smoke cigarettes than try to herd us off the water. So we spent a good thirty minutes on our lawn-mower-motor-propelled ships, ramming each other and turning wild twists, and then we got bored and left of our own accord.\
\
Greta, Jeff, and I, an odd crew in a strange place. Greta and Jeff have become good friends in just a day, which is how people do it here, where there\'92s nothing else to do. I think Greta is deciding whether she\'92ll make Jeff another of her disastrous mating choices. Jeff would like it. He prefers her. She is much prettier than I am, right now, in this place. Cheap pretty. She is wearing a bikini top and jean shorts, with a spare shirt tucked into the back pocket for when she wants to enter a store (T-shirts, wood carvings, decorative rocks) or restaurant (burger, barbecue, taffy). She wants us to get Old West photos taken, but that\'92s not going to happen for reasons aside from the fact that I don\'92t want redneck-lake-person lice.\
\
We end up settling for a few rounds on a decrepit miniature golf course. The fake grass is torn off in patches, the alligators and windmills that once moved mechanically are still. Jeff does the honors instead, twirling the windmill, snapping open and shut the gator jaws. Some holes are simply unplayable \'96 the grass rolled up like carpeting, the farmhouse with its beckoning mousehole collapsed in on itself. So we roam between courses in no particular order. No one is even keeping score.\
\
This would have annoyed Old Amy no end: the haphazardness of it all, the pointlessness. But I\'92m learning to drift, and I do it quite well. I am overachieving at aimlessness, I am a type-A, alpha-girl lollygagger, the leader of a gang of heartbroken kids, running wild across this lonely strip of amusements, each of us smarting from the betrayals of a loved one. I catch Jeff (cuckolded, divorced, complicated custody arrangement) furrowing his brow as we pass a Love Tester: Squeeze the metal grip and watch the temperature rise from \'91just a fling\'92 to \'91soulmate.\'92 The odd equation \'96 a crushing clutch means true love \'96 reminds me of poor smacked-around Greta, who often places her thumb over the bruise on her chest like it\'92s a button she can push.\
\
\'91You\'92re up,\'92 Greta says to me. She\'92s drying her ball off on her shorts \'96 twice she\'92s gone into the cesspool of dirty water.\
\
I get in position, wiggle once or twice, and putt my bright red ball straight into the birdhouse opening. It disappears for a second, then reappears out a chute and into the hole. Disappear, reappear. I feel a wave of anxiety \'96 everything reappears at some point, even me. I am anxious because I think my plans have changed.\
\
I have changed plans only twice so far. The first was the gun. I was going to get a gun and then, on the morning I disappeared, I was going to shoot myself. Nowhere dangerous: through a calf or a wrist. I would leave behind a bullet with my flesh and blood on it. A struggle occurred! Amy was shot! But then I realized this was a little too macho even for me. It would hurt for weeks, and I don\'92t love pain (my sliced arm feels better now, thank you very much). But I still liked the idea of a gun. It made for a nice MacGuffin. Not Amy was shot but Amy was scared. So I dolled myself up and went to the mall on Valentine\'92s Day, so I\'92d be remembered. I couldn\'92t get one, but it\'92s not a big deal as far as changed plans go.\
\
The other one is considerably more extreme. I have decided I\'92m not going to die.\
\
I have the discipline to kill myself, but can\'92t stomach the injustice. It\'92s not fair that I have to die. Not really die. I don\'92t want to. I\'92m not the one who did anything wrong.\
\
The problem now though, is money. It\'92s so ludicrous, that of all things it\'92s money that should be an issue for me. But I have only a finite amount \'96 $9,132 at this point. I will need more. This morning I went to chat with Dorothy; as always, holding a handkerchief so as not to leave fingerprints (I told her it was my grandmother\'92s \'96 I try to give her a vague impression of southern wealth gone to squander, very Blanche DuBois). I leaned against her desk as she told me, in great bureaucratic detail, about a blood thinner she can\'92t afford \'96 the woman is an encyclopedia of denied pharmaceuticals \'96 and then I said, just to test the situation: \'91I know what you mean. I\'92m not sure where I\'92m going to get rent for my cabin after another week or two.\'92\
\
She blinked at me, and blinked back toward the TV set, a game show where people screamed and cried a lot. She took a grandmotherly interest in me, she\'92d certainly let me stay on, indefinitely: The cabins were half empty, no harm.\
\
\'91You better get a job, then,\'92 Dorothy said, not turning away from the TV. A contestant made a bad choice, the prize was lost, a wuhwaaahhh sound effect voiced her pain.\
\
\'91A job like what? What kind of job can I get around here?\'92\
\
\'91Cleaning, babysitting.\'92\
\
Basically, I was supposed to be a housewife for pay. Irony enough for a million Hang in There posters.\
\
It\'92s true that even in our lowly Missouri state, I didn\'92t ever have to actually budget. I couldn\'92t go out and buy a new car just because I wanted to, but I never had to think about the day-to-day stuff, coupon clipping and buying generic and knowing how much milk costs off the top of my head. My parents never bothered teaching me this, and so they left me unprepared for the real world. For instance, when Greta complained that the convenience store at the marina charged five dollars for a gallon of milk, I winced because the kid there always charged me ten dollars. I\'92d thought that seemed like a lot, but it hadn\'92t occurred to me that the little pimply teenager just threw out a number to see if I\'92d pay.\
\
So I\'92d budgeted, but my budget \'96 guaranteed, according to the Internet, to last me six to nine months \'96 is clearly off. And so I am off.\
\
When we\'92re done with golf \'96 I win, of course I do, I know because I\'92m keeping score in my head \'96 we go to the hot-dog stand next door for lunch, and I slip around the corner to dig into my zippered money belt under my shirt, and when I glance back, Greta has followed me, she catches me right before I can stuff the thing away.\
\
\'91Ever heard of a purse, Moneybags?\'92 she cracks. This will be an ongoing problem \'96 a person on the run needs lots of cash, but a person on the run by definition has nowhere to keep the cash. Thankfully, Greta doesn\'92t press the issue \'96 she knows we are both victims here. We sit in the sun on a metal picnic bench and eat hot dogs, white buns wrapped around cylinders of phosphate with relish so green it looks toxic, and it may be the greatest thing I\'92ve ever eaten because I am Dead Amy and I don\'92t care.\
\
\'91Guess what Jeff found in his cabin for me?\'92 Greta says. \'91Another book by the Martian Chronicle guy.\'92\
\
\'91Ray Bradburrow,\'92 Jeff says. Bradbury, I think.\
\
\'91Yeah, right. Something Wicked This Way Comes,\'92 Greta says. \'91It\'92s good.\'92 She chirps the last bit as if that were all to say about a book: It\'92s good or it\'92s bad. I liked it or I didn\'92t. No discussions of the writing, the themes, the nuances, the structure. Just good or bad. Like a hot dog.\
\
\'91I read it when I first moved in there,\'92 Jeff says. \'91It is good. Creepy.\'92 He catches me watching him and makes a goblin face, all crazy eyes and leering tongue. He isn\'92t my type \'96 the fur on the face is too bristly, he does suspicious things with fish \'96 but he is nice-looking. Attractive. His eyes are very warm, not like Nick\'92s frozen blues. I wonder if \'91I\'92 might like sleeping with him \'96 a nice slow screw with his body pressed against mine and his breath in my ear, the bristles on my cheeks, not the lonely way Nick fucks, where our bodies barely connect: right angle from behind, L-shape from the front, and then he\'92s out of bed almost immediately, hitting the shower, leaving me pulsing in his wet spot.\
\
\'91Cat got your tongue?\'92 Jeff says. He never calls me by name, as if to acknowledge that we both know I\'92ve lied. He says this lady or pretty woman or you. I wonder what he would call me in bed. Baby, maybe.\
\
\'91Just thinking.\'92\
\
\'91Uh-oh,\'92 he says, and smiles again.\
\
\'91You were thinking about a boy, I can tell,\'92 Greta says.\
\
\'91Maybe.\'92\
\
\'91I thought we were steering clear of the assholes for a while,\'92 she says. \'91Tend to our chickens.\'92 Last night after Ellen Abbott, I was too excited to go home, so we shared a six-pack and imagined our recluse life as the token straight girls on Greta\'92s mother\'92s lesbian compound, raising chickens and hanging laundry to dry in the sun. The objects of gentle, platonic courtship from older women with gnarled knuckles and indulgent laughs. Denim and corduroy and clogs and never worrying about makeup or hair or nails, breast size or hip size, or having to pretend to be the understanding wifey, the supportive girlfriend who loves everything her man does.\
\
\'91Not all guys are assholes,\'92 Jeff says. Greta makes a noncommital noise.\
\
We return to our cabins liquid-limbed. I feel like a water balloon left in the sun. All I want to do is sit under my sputtering window air conditioner and blast my skin with the cool while watching TV. I\'92ve found a rerun channel that shows nothing but old \'9270s and \'9280s shows, Quincy and The Love Boat and Eight Is Enough, but first comes Ellen Abbott, my new favorite show!\
\
Nothing new, nothing new. Ellen doesn\'92t mind speculating, believe me, she\'92s hosted an array of strangers from my past who swear they are my friends, and they all have lovely things to say about me, even the ones who never much liked me. Post-life fondness.\
\
Knock on the door, and I know it will be Greta and Jeff. I switch off the TV, and there they are on my doorstep, aimless.\
\
\'91Whatcha doing?\'92 Jeff asks.\
\
\'91Reading,\'92 I lie.\
\
He sets down a six-pack of beer on my counter, Greta padding in behind. \'91Oh, I thought we heard the TV.\'92\
\
Three is literally a crowd in these small cabins. They are blocking the door for a second, sending a pulse of nervousness through me \'96 why are they blocking the door? \'96 and then they keep moving and they are blocking my bedside table. Inside my bedside table is my money belt packed with eight thousand dollars in cash. Hundreds, fifties, and twenty-dollar bills. The money belt is hideous, flesh-colored and bunchy. I can\'92t possibly wear all my money at once \'96 I leave some scattered around the cabin \'96 but I try to wear most, and when I do, I am as conscious of it as a girl at the beach with a maxipad. A perverse part of me enjoys spending money, because every time I pull off a wad of twenties, that\'92s less money to hide, to worry about being stolen or lost.\
\
Jeff clicks on the TV, and Ellen Abbott \'96 and Amy \'96 buzz into focus. He nods, smiles to himself.\
\
\'91Want to watch \'85 Amy?\'92 Greta asks.\
\
I can\'92t tell if she used a comma: Want to watch, Amy? or Want to watch Amy?\
\
\'91Nah. Jeff, why don\'92t you grab your guitar and we can sit on the porch?\'92\
\
Jeff and Greta exchange a look.\
\
\'91Awww \'85 but that\'92s what you were watching, right?\'92 Greta says. She points at the screen, and it\'92s me and Nick at a benefit, me in a gown, my hair pulled back in a chignon, and I look more like I look now, with my short hair.\
\
\'91It\'92s boring,\'92 I say.\
\
\'91Oh, I don\'92t think it\'92s boring at all,\'92 Greta says, and flops down on my bed.\
\
I think what a fool I am, to have let these two people inside. To have assumed I could control them, when they are feral creatures, people used to finding the angle, exploiting the weakness, always needing, whereas I am new to this. Needing. Those people who keep backyard pumas and living room chimps \'96 this must be how they feel when their adorable pet rips them open.\
\
\'91You know what, would you guys mind \'85 I feel kinda crummy. Too much sun, I think.\'92\
\
They look surprised and a little offended, and I wonder if I\'92ve got it wrong \'96 that they are harmless and I\'92m just paranoid. I\'92d like to believe that.\
\
\'91Sure, sure, of course,\'92 Jeff says. They shuffle out of my cabin, Jeff grabbing his beer on the way. A minute later, I hear Ellen Abbott snarling from Greta\'92s cabin. The accusatory questions. Why did \'85 Why didn\'92t \'85 How can you explain \'85\
\
Why did I ever let myself get friendly with anyone here? Why didn\'92t I keep to myself? How can I explain my actions if I\'92m found out?\
\
I can\'92t be discovered. If I were ever found, I\'92d be the most hated woman on the planet. I\'92d go from being the beautiful, kind, doomed, pregnant victim of a selfish, cheating bastard to being the bitter bitch who exploited the good hearts of all America\'92s citizens. Ellen Abbott would devote show after show to me, angry callers venting their hate: \'91This is just another example of a spoiled rich girl doing what she wants, when she wants and not thinking of anyone else\'92s feelings, Ellen. I think she should disappear for life \'96 in prison!\'92 Like that, it would go like that. I\'92ve read conflicting Internet information on the penalties for faking a death, or framing a spouse for said death, but I know the public opinion would be brutal. No matter what I do after that \'96 feed orphans, cuddle lepers \'96 when I died, I\'92d be known as That Woman Who Faked Her Death and Framed Her Husband, You Remember.\
\
I can\'92t allow it.\
\
Hours later, I am still awake, thinking in the dark, when my door rattles, a gentle bang, Jeff\'92s bang. I debate, then open it, ready to apologize for my rudeness before. He\'92s tugging on his beard, staring at my doormat, then looks up with amber eyes.\
\
\'91Dorothy said you were looking for work,\'92 he said.\
\
\'91Yeah. I guess. I am.\'92\
\
\'91I got something tonight, pay you fifty bucks.\'92\
\
Amy Elliott Dunne wouldn\'92t leave her cabin for fifty bucks, but Lydia and/or Nancy needs work. I have to say yes.\
\
\'91Coupla hours, fifty dollars.\'92 He shrugs. \'91Doesn\'92t make any difference to me, just thought I\'92d offer.\'92\
\
\'91What is it?\'92\
\
\'91Fishing.\'92\
\
I was positive Jeff would drive a pickup, but he guides me to a shiny Ford hatchback, a heartbreaking car, the car of the new college grad with big plans and a modest budget, not the car a grown man should be driving. I am wearing my swimsuit under my sundress, as instructed (\'91Not the bikini, the full one, the one you can really swim in,\'92 Jeff intoned; I\'92d never noticed him anywhere near the pool, but he knew my swimwear cold, which was flattering and alarming at the same time).\
\
He leaves the windows down as we drive through the forested hills, the gravel dust coating my stubby hair. It feels like something from a country-music video: the girl in the sundress leaning out to catch the breeze of a red-state summer night. I can see stars. Jeff hums off and on.\
\
He parks down the road from a restaurant that hangs out on stilts over the lake, a barbecue place known for its giant souvenir cups of boozy drinks with bad names: Gator Juice and Bassmouth Blitz. I know this from the discarded cups that float along all the shores of the lake, cracked and neon-colored with the restaurant\'92s logo: Catfish Carl\'92s. Catfish Carl\'92s has a deck that overhangs the water \'96 diners can load up on handfuls of kitty kibble from the crank machines and drop them into the gaping mouths of hundreds of giant catfish that wait below.\
\
\'91What exactly are we going to do, Jeff?\'92\
\
\'91You net \'92em, I kill \'92em.\'92 He gets out of the car, and I follow him around to the hatchback, which is filled with coolers. \'91We put \'92em in here, on ice, resell them.\'92\
\
\'91Resell them. Who buys stolen fish?\'92\
\
Jeff smiles that lazy-cat smile. \'91I got a clientele of sorts.\'92\
\
And then I realize: He isn\'92t a Grizzly Adams, guitar-playing, peace-loving granola guy at all. He is a redneck thief who wants to believe that he\'92s more complicated than that.\
\
He pulls out a net, a box of Nine Lives, and a stained plastic bucket.\
\
I have absolutely no intention of being part of this illicit piscine economy, but \'91I\'92 am fairly interested. How many women can say they were part of a fish-smuggling ring? \'91I\'92 am game. I have become game again since I died. All the things I disliked or feared, all the limits I had, they\'92ve slid off me. \'91I\'92 can do pretty much anything. A ghost has that freedom.\
\
We walk down the hill, under the deck of Catfish Carl\'92s, and onto the docks, which float slurpily on the wakes of a passing motorboat, Jimmy Buffett blaring.\
\
Jeff hands me a net. \'91We need this to be quick \'96 you just jump in the water, scoop the net in, nab the fish, then tilt the net up to me. It\'92ll be heavy, though, and squirmy, so be prepared. And don\'92t scream or nothing.\'92\
\
\'91I won\'92t scream. But I don\'92t want to go in the water. I can do it from the deck.\'92\
\
\'91You should take off your dress, at least, you\'92ll ruin it.\'92\
\
\'91I\'92m okay.\'92\
\
He looks annoyed for a moment \'96 he\'92s the boss, I\'92m the employee, and so far I\'92m not listening to him \'96 but then he turns around modestly and tugs off his shirt and hands me the box of cat food without fully facing me, as if he\'92s shy. I hold the box with its narrow mouth over the water, and immediately, a hundred shiny arched backs roll toward me, a mob of serpents, the tails cutting across the surface furiously, and then the mouths are below me, the fish roiling over each other to swallow the pellets and then, like trained pets, aiming their faces up toward me for more.\
\
I scoop the net into the middle of the pack and sit down hard on the dock to get leverage to pull the harvest up. When I yank, the net is full of half a dozen whiskery, slick catfish, all frantically trying to get back in the water, their gaping lips opening and shutting between the squares of nylon, their collective tugging making the net wobble up and down.\
\
\'91Lift it up, lift it up, girl!\'92\
\
I push a knee below the net\'92s handle and let it dangle there, Jeff reaching in, grabbing a fish with two hands, each encased in terrycloth manicure gloves for a better grip. He moves his hands down around the tail, then swings the fish like a cudgel, smashing its head on the side of the dock. Blood explodes. A brief sharp pelt of it streaks across my legs, a hard chunk of meat hits my hair. Jeff throws the fish in the bucket and grabs another with assembly-line smoothness.\
\
We work in grunts and wheezes for half an hour, four nets full, until my arms turn rubbery and the ice chests are full. Jeff takes the empty pail and fills it with water from the lake, pours it across the messy entrails and into the fish pens. The catfish gobble up the guts of their fallen brethren. The dock is left clean. He pours one last pail of water across our bloody feet.\
\
\'91Why do you have to smash them?\'92 I ask.\
\
\'91Can\'92t stand to watch something suffer,\'92 he says. \'91Quick dunk?\'92\
\
\'91I\'92m okay,\'92 I say.\
\
\'91Not in my car, you\'92re not \'96 come on, quick dunk, you have more crap on you than you realize.\'92\
\
We run off the dock toward the rocky beach nearby. While I wade ankle-deep in the water, Jeff runs with giant splashy footsteps and throws himself forward, arms wild. As soon as he\'92s far enough out, I unhook my money belt and fold my sundress around it, leave it at the water\'92s edge with my glasses on top. I lower myself until I feel the warm water hit my thighs, my belly, my neck, and then I hold my breath and go under.\
\
I swim far and fast, stay underwater longer than I should to remind myself what it would feel like to drown \'96 I know I could do it if I needed to \'96 and when I come up with a single disciplined gasp, I see Jeff lapping rapidly toward shore, and I have to swim fast as a porpoise back to my money belt and scramble onto the rocks just ahead of him.\
\
\
\
\
}