{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 AMY ELLIOTT DUNNE\
\
\
OCTOBER 16, 2010\
\
\
\
\'96 Diary entry \'96\
\
Happy anniversary to me! One full month as a Missouri resident, and I am on my way to becoming a good midwesterner. Yep, I have gone cold turkey off all things East Coast and I have earned my thirty-day chip (here it would be a potato chip). I am taking notes, I am honoring traditions. I am the Margaret Mead of the goddamn Mississip.\
\
Let\'92s see, what\'92s new? Nick and I are currently embroiled in what I have taken to calling (to myself ) the Cuckoo Clock Conundrum. My parents\'92 cherished heirloom looks ridiculous in the new house. But then all our New York stuff does. Our dignified elephant of a chesterfield with its matching baby ottoman sits in the living room looking stunned, as if it got sleep-darted in its natural environment and woke up in this strange new captivity, surrounded by faux-posh carpet and synthetic wood and unveined walls. I do miss our old place \'96 all the bumps and ridges and hairline fractures left by the decades. (Pause for attitude adjustment.) But new is nice, too! Just different. The clock would disagree. The cuckoo is also having a tough time adjusting to its new space: The little bird lurches out drunkenly at ten minutes after the hour; seventeen minutes before; forty-one past. It emits a dying wail \'96 coo-crrrrww \'96 that every time brings Bleecker trotting in from some hideaway, eyes wild, all business, his tail a bottle-brush as he tilts his head toward the feathers and mewls.\
\
\'91Wow, your parents must really hate me,\'92 Nick says whenever we\'92re both in earshot of the noise, though he\'92s smart enough not to recommend ridding ourselves of the thing just yet. I actually want to trash it too. I am the one (the jobless) at home all day, just waiting for its squawk, a tense moviegoer steeling myself for the next outburst from the crazy patron behind me \'96 both relieved (there it is!) and angry (there it is!) each time it comes.\
\
Much to-do was made over the clock at the housewarming (oh, look at that, an antique clock!), which Mama Maureen Dunne insisted on. Actually, not insisted on; Mama Mo does not insist. She simply makes things a reality by assuming they are such: From the first morning after the move, when she appeared on our doorstep with a welcome-home egg scramble and a family pack of toilet paper (which didn\'92t speak well for the egg scramble), she\'92d spoken of the housewarming as if it were a fact. So when do you want to do your housewarming? Have you thought about who I should invite to the housewarming? Do you want a housewarming or something fun, like a stock-the-bar party? But a traditional housewarming is always nice.\
\
And then suddenly there was a date, and the date was today, and Dunne family and friends were shaking off the October drizzle from umbrellas and carefully, conscientiously wiping their feet on the floor mat Maureen had brought for us this morning. The rug says: All Are Friends Who Enter Here. It is from Costco. I have learned about bulk shopping in my four weeks as a Mississippi River resident. Republicans go to Sam\'92s Club, Democrats go to Costco. But everyone buys bulk because \'96 unlike Manhattanites \'96 they all have space to store twenty-four jars of sweet pickles. And \'96 unlike Manhattanites \'96 they all have uses for twenty-four jars of sweet pickles. (No gathering is complete without a lazy Susan full of pickles and Spanish olives right from the jar. And a salt lick.)\
\
I set the scene: It is one of those big-smelling days, when people bring the outdoors in with them, the scent of rain on their sleeves, in their hair. The older women \'96 Maureen\'92s friends \'96 present varying food items in plastic, dishwasher-safe containers they will later ask to be returned. And ask and ask. I know, now, that I am supposed to wash out the containers and drop each of them back by their proper homes \'96 a Ziploc carpool \'96 but when I first came here, I was unaware of the protocol. I dutifully recycled all the plastic containers, and so I had to go buy all new ones. Maureen\'92s best friend, Vicky, immediately noticed her container was brand-new, store-bought, an imposter, and when I explained my confusion, she widened her eyes in amazement: So that\'92s how they do it in New York.\
\
But the housewarming: The older women are Maureen\'92s friends from long-ago PTA meetings, from book clubs, from the Shoe-Be-Doo-Be at the mall, where she spent forty hours a week slipping sensible block heels onto women of a certain age. (She can size a foot on sight \'96 women\'92s 8, narrow! \'96 it\'92s her go-to party trick.) All Mo\'92s friends love Nick, and they all have stories about sweet things Nick has done for them over the years.\
\
The younger women, the women representing the pool of possible Amy-friends, all sport the same bleached-blond wedge haircut, the same slip-on mules. They are the daughters of Maureen\'92s friends, and they all love Nick, and they all have stories about sweet things Nick has done for them over the years. Most of them are out of work from the mall closings, or their husbands are out of work from the mall closings, so they all offer me recipes for \'91cheap and easy eats\'92 that usually involve a casserole made from canned soup, butter, and a snack chip.\
\
The men are nice and quiet and hunker in circles, talking about sports and smiling benevolently toward me.\
\
Everyone is nice. They are literally as nice as they can be. Maureen, the tristate\'92s hardiest cancer patient, introduces me to all her friends the same way you\'92d show off a slightly dangerous new pet: \'91This is Nick\'92s wife, Amy, who was born and raised in New York City.\'92 And her friends, plump and welcoming, immediately suffer some strange Tourettesian episode: They repeat the words \'96 New York City! \'96 with clasped hands and say something that defies response: That must have been neat. Or, in reedy voices, they sing \'91New York, New York,\'92 rocking side to side with tiny jazz hands. Maureen\'92s friend from the shoe store, Barb, drawls \'91Nue York Ceety! Get a rope,\'92 and when I squint at her in confusion, she says, \'91Oh, it\'92s from that old salsa commercial!\'92 and when I still fail to connect, she blushes, puts a hand on my arm, and says, \'91I wouldn\'92t really hang you.\'92\
\
Ultimately, everyone trails off into giggles and confesses they\'92ve never been to New York. Or that they\'92ve been \'96 once \'96 and didn\'92t care for it much. Then I say something like: You\'92d like it or It\'92s definitely not for everyone or Mmm, because I\'92ve run out of things to say.\
\
\'91Be friendly, Amy,\'92 Nick spits into my ear when we\'92re refilling drinks in the kitchen (midwesterners love two liters of soda, always two liters, and you pour them into big red plastic Solo cups, always).\
\
\'91I am,\'92 I whine. It really hurts my feelings, because if you asked anyone in that room whether I\'92d been friendly, I know they\'92d say yes.\
\
Sometimes I feel like Nick has decided on a version of me that doesn\'92t exist. Since we\'92ve moved here, I\'92ve done girls\'92 nights out and charity walks, I\'92ve cooked casseroles for his dad and helped sell tickets for raffles. I tapped the last of my money to give to Nick and Go so they could buy the bar they\'92ve always wanted, and I even put the check inside a card shaped like a mug of beer \'96 Cheers to You! \'96 and Nick just gave a flat begrudging thanks. I don\'92t know what to do. I\'92m trying.\
\
We deliver the soda pops, me smiling and laughing even harder, a vision of grace and good cheer, asking everyone if I can get them anything else, complimenting women on ambrosia salads and crab dips and pickle slices wrapped in cream cheese wrapped in salami.\
\
Nick\'92s dad arrives with Go. They stand silently on the doorstep, Midwest Gothic, Bill Dunne wiry and still handsome, a tiny Band-Aid on his forehead, Go grim-faced, her hair in barrettes, her eyes averted from her father.\
\
\'91Nick,\'92 Bill Dunne says, shaking his hand, and he steps inside, frowning at me. Go follows, grabs Nick, and pulls him back behind the door, whispering, \'91I have no idea where he is right now, headwise. Like if he\'92s having a bad day or if he\'92s just being a jackass. No idea.\'92\
\
\'91Okay, okay. Don\'92t worry, I\'92ll keep an eye on him.\'92\
\
Go shrugs pissily.\
\
\'91I\'92m serious, Go. Grab a beer and take a break. You are relieved of Dad duty for the next hour.\'92\
\
I think: If that had been me, he\'92d complain that I was being too sensitive.\
\
The older women keep swirling around me, telling me how Maureen has always said what a wonderful couple Nick and I are and she is right, we are clearly made for each other.\
\
I prefer these well-meant cliche\'b4s to the talk we heard before we got married. Marriage is compromise and hard work, and then more hard work and communication and compromise. And then work. Abandon all hope, ye who enter.\
\
The engagement party back in New York was the worst for this, all the guests hot with wine and resentment, as if every set of spouses had gotten into an argument on the way to the club. Or they remembered some argument. Like Binks. Binks Moriarty, my mom\'92s best friend\'92s eighty-eight-year-old mother, stopped me at the bar \'96 bellowed, \'91Amy! I must talk to you!\'92 in an emergency-room voice. She twisted her precious rings on overknuckled fingers \'96 twist, turn, creak \'96 and fondled my arm (that old-person grope \'96 cold fingers coveting your nice, soft, warm, new skin), and then Binks told me how her late husband of sixty-three years had trouble \'91keeping it in his pants.\'92 Binks said this with one of those I\'92m almost dead, I can say this kind of stuff grins and cataract-clouded eyes. \'91He just couldn\'92t keep it in his pants,\'92 the old lady said urgently, her hand chilling my arm in a death grip. \'91But he loved me more than any of them. I know it, and you know it.\'92 The moral to the story being: Mr Binks was a cheating dickweasel, but, you know, marriage is compromise.\
\
I retreated quickly and began circulating through the crowd, smiling at a series of wrinkled faces, that baggy, exhausted, disappointed look that people get in middle age, and all the faces were like that. Most of them were also drunk, dancing steps from their youth \'96 swaying to country-club funk \'96 and that seemed even worse. I was making my way to the French windows for some air, and a hand squeezed my arm. Nick\'92s mom, Mama Maureen, with her big black laser eyes, her eager pug-dog face. Thrusting a wad of goat cheese and crackers into her mouth, Maureen managed to say: \'91It\'92s not easy, pairing yourself off with someone forever. It\'92s an admirable thing, and I\'92m glad you\'92re both doing it, but, boy-oh-girl-oh, there will be days you wish you\'92d never done it. And those will be the good times, when it\'92s only days of regret and not months.\'92 I must have looked shocked \'96 I was definitely shocked \'96 because she said quickly: \'91But then you have good times, too. I know you will. You two. A lot of good times. So just \'85 forgive me, sweetheart, what I said before. I\'92m just being a silly old divorced lady. Oh, mother of pearl, I think I had too much wine.\'92 And she fluttered a goodbye at me and scampered away through all the other disappointed couples.\
\
\'91You\'92re not supposed to be here,\'92 Bill Dunne was suddenly saying, and he was saying it to me. \'91Why are you here? You\'92re not allowed here.\'92\
\
\'91I\'92m Amy,\'92 I say, touching his arm as if that might wake him. Bill has always liked me; even if he could think of nothing to say to me, I could tell he liked me, the way he watched me like I was a rare bird. Now he is scowling, thrusting his chest toward me, a caricature of a young sailor ready to brawl. A few feet away, Go sets down her food and gets ready to move toward us, quietly, like she is trying to catch a fly.\
\
\'91Why are you in our house?\'92 Bill Dunne says, his mouth grimacing. \'91You\'92ve got some nerve, lady.\'92\
\
\'91Nick?\'92 Go calls behind her, not loudly but urgently.\
\
\'91Got it,\'92 Nick says, appearing. \'91Hey, Dad, this is my wife, Amy. Remember Amy? We moved back home so we could see you more. This is our new house.\'92\
\
Nick glares at me: I was the one who insisted we invite his dad.\
\
\'91All I\'92m saying, Nick,\'92 Bill Dunne says, pointing now, jabbing an index finger toward my face, the party going hushed, several men moving slowly, cautiously, in from the other room, their hands twitching, ready to move, \'91is she doesn\'92t belong here. Little bitch thinks she can do whatever she wants.\'92\
\
Mama Mo swoops in then, her arm around her ex-husband, always, always rising to the occasion. \'91Of course she belongs here, Bill. It\'92s her house. She\'92s your son\'92s wife. Remember?\'92\
\
\'91I want her out of here, do you understand me, Maureen?\'92 He shrugs her off and starts moving toward me again. \'91Dumb bitch. Dumb bitch.\'92\
\
It\'92s unclear if he means me or Maureen, but then he looks at me and tightens his lips. \'91She doesn\'92t belong here.\'92\
\
\'91I\'92ll go,\'92 I say, and turn away, walk straight out the door, into the rain. From the mouths of Alzheimer\'92s patients, I think, trying to make light. I walk a loop around the neighborhood, waiting for Nick to appear, to guide me back to our house. The rain spackles me gently, dampening me. I really believe Nick will come after me. I turn toward the house and see only a closed door.\
\
\
\
}