{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 NICK DUNNE\
\
\
SIX DAYS GONE\
\
\
\
The first forty-eight hours are key in any investigation. Amy had been gone, now, almost a week. A candlelight vigil would be held this evening in Tom Sawyer Park, which, according to the press, was \'91a favorite place of Amy Elliott Dunne\'92s.\'92 (I\'92d never known Amy to set foot in the park; despite the name, it is not remotely quaint. Generic, bereft of trees, with a sandbox that\'92s always full of animal feces; it is utterly un-Twainy.) In the last twenty-four hours, the story had gone national \'96 it was everywhere, just like that.\
\
God bless the faithful Elliotts. Marybeth phoned me last night, as I was trying to recover from the bombshell police interrogation. My mother-in-law had seen the Ellen Abbott show and pronounced the woman \'91an opportunistic ratings whore.\'92 Nevertheless, we\'92d spent most of today strategizing how to handle the media.\
\
The media (my former clan, my people!) was shaping its story, and the media loved the Amazing Amy angle and the long-married Elliotts. No snarky commentary on the dismantling of the series or the authors\'92 near-bankruptcy \'96 right now it was all hearts and flowers for the Elliotts. The media loved them.\
\
Me, not so much. The media was already turning up items of concern. Not only the stuff that had been leaked \'96 my lack of alibi, the possibly \'91staged\'92 crime scene \'96 but actual personality traits. They reported that back in high school, I\'92d never dated one girl longer than a few months and thus was clearly a ladies\'92 man. They found out we had my father in Comfort Hill and that I rarely visited, and thus I was an ingrate dad-abandoner. \'91It\'92s a problem \'96 they don\'92t like you,\'92 Go said after every bit of news coverage. \'91It\'92s a real, real problem, Lance.\'92 The media had resurrected my first name, which I\'92d hated since grade school, stifled at the start of every school year when the teacher called roll: \'91It\'92s Nick, I go by Nick!\'92 Every September, an opening-day rite: \'91Nick-I-go-by-Nick!\'92 Always some smart-ass kid would spend recess parading around like a mincing gallant: \'91Hi, I\'92m Laaaance,\'92 in a flowy-shirted voice. Then it would be forgotten again until the following year.\
\
But not now. Now it was all over the news, the dreaded three-name judgment reserved for serial killers and assassins \'96 Lance Nicholas Dunne \'96 and there was no one I could interrupt.\
\
Rand and Marybeth Elliott, Go and I carpooled to the vigil together. It was unclear how much information the Elliotts were receiving, how many damning updates about their son-in-law. I knew they were aware of the \'91staged\'92 scene: \'91I\'92m going to get some of my own people in there, and they\'92ll tell us just the opposite \'96 that it clearly was the scene of a struggle,\'92 Rand said confidently. \'91The truth is malleable; you just need to pick the right expert.\'92\
\
Rand didn\'92t know about the other stuff, the credit cards and the life insurance and the blood and Noelle, my wife\'92s bitter best friend with the damning claims: abuse, greed, fear. She was booked on Ellen Abbott tonight, post-vigil. Noelle and Ellen could be mutually disgusted by me for the viewing audience.\
\
Not everyone was repulsed by me. In the past week, The Bar\'92s business was booming: Hundreds of customers packed in to sip beers and nibble popcorn at the place owned by Lance Nicholas Dunne, the maybe-killer. Go had to hire four new kids to tend The Bar; she\'92d dropped by once and said she couldn\'92t go again, couldn\'92t stand seeing how packed it was, fucking gawkers, ghouls, all drinking our booze and swapping stories about me. It was disgusting. Still, Go reasoned, the money would be helpful if \'85\
\
If. Amy gone six days, and we were all thinking in ifs.\
\
We approached the park in a car gone silent except for Marybeth\'92s constant nail drumming on the window.\
\
\'91Feels almost like a double date.\'92 Rand laughed, the laughter curving toward the hysterical: high-pitched and squeaky. Rand Elliott, genius psychologist, best-selling author, friend to all, was unraveling. Marybeth had taken to self-medication: shots of clear liquor administered with absolute precision, enough to take the edge off but stay sharp. Rand, on the other hand, was literally losing his head; I half expected to see it shoot off his shoulders on a jack-in-the-box spring \'96 cuckoooooo! Rand\'92s schmoozy nature had turned manic: He got desperately chummy with everyone he met, wrapping his arms around cops, reporters, volunteers. He was particularly tight with our Days Inn \'91liaison,\'92 a gawky, shy kid named Donnie who Rand liked to razz and inform he was doing so. \'91Ah, I\'92m just razzing you, Donnie,\'92 he\'92d say, and Donnie would break into a joyous grin.\
\
\'91Can\'92t that kid go get validation somewhere else?\'92 I groused to Go the other night. She said I was just jealous that my father figure liked someone better. I was.\
\
Marybeth patted Rand\'92s back as we walked toward the park, and I thought about how much I wanted someone to do that, just a quick touch, and I suddenly let out a gasp-sob, one quick teary moan. I wanted someone, but I wasn\'92t sure if it was Andie or Amy.\
\
\'91Nick?\'92 Go said. She raised a hand toward my shoulder, but I shrugged her off.\
\
\'91Sorry. Wow, sorry for that,\'92 I said. \'91Weird outburst, very un-Dunne-y.\'92\
\
\'91No problem. We\'92re both coming undone-y,\'92 Go said, and looked away. Since discovering my situation \'96 which is what we\'92d taken to calling my infidelity \'96 she\'92d gotten a bit removed, her eyes distant, her face a constant mull. I was trying very hard not to resent it.\
\
As we entered the park, the camera crews were everywhere, not just local anymore but network. The Dunnes and the Elliotts walked along the perimeter of the crowd, Rand smiling and nodding like a visiting dignitary. Boney and Gilpin appeared almost immediately, took to our heels like friendly pointer dogs; they were becoming familiar, furniture, which was clearly the idea. Boney was wearing the same clothes she wore to any public event: a sensible black skirt, a gray-striped blouse, barrettes clipping either side of her limp hair. I got a girl named Bony Moronie \'85 The night was steamy; under each of Boney\'92s armpits was a dark smiley face of perspiration. She actually grinned at me as if yesterday, the accusations \'96 they were accusations, weren\'92t they? \'96 hadn\'92t happened.\
\
The Elliotts and I filed up the steps to a rickety makeshift stage. I looked back toward my twin and she nodded at me and pantomimed a big breath, and I remembered to breathe. Hundreds of faces were turned toward us, along with clicking, flashing cameras. Don\'92t smile, I told myself. Do not smile.\
\
From the front of dozens of Find Amy T-shirts, my wife studied me.\
\
Go had said I needed to make a speech (\'91You need some humanizing, fast\'92) so I did, I walked up to the microphone. It was too low, mid-belly, and I wrestled with it a few seconds, and it raised only an inch, the kind of malfunction that would normally infuriate me, but I could no longer be infuriated in public, so I took a breath and leaned down and read the words that my sister had written for me: \'91My wife, Amy Dunne, has been missing for almost a week. I cannot possibly convey the anguish our family feels, the deep hole in our lives left by Amy\'92s disappearance. Amy is the love of my life, she is the heart of her family. For those who have yet to meet her, she is funny, and charming, and kind. She is wise and warm. She is my helpmate and partner in every way.\'92\
\
I looked up into the crowd and, like magic, spotted Andie, a disgusted look on her face, and I quickly glanced back at my notes.\
\
\'91Amy is the woman I want to grow old with, and I know this will happen.\'92\
\
PAUSE. BREATHE. NO SMILE. Go had actually written the words on my index card. Happen happen happen. My voice echoed out through the speakers, rolling toward the river.\
\
\'91We ask you to contact us with any information. We light candles tonight in the hope she comes home soon and safely. I love you, Amy.\'92\
\
I kept my eyes moving anywhere but Andie. The park sparkled with candles. A moment of silence was supposed to be observed, but babies were crying, and one stumbling homeless man kept asking loudly, \'91Hey, what is this about? What\'92s it for?,\'92 and someone would whisper Amy\'92s name, and the guy would say louder, \'91What? It\'92s for what?\'92\
\
From the middle of the crowd, Noelle Hawthorne began moving forward, her triplets affixed, one on a hip, the other two clinging to her skirt, all looking ludicrously tiny to a man who spent no time around children. Noelle forced the crowd to part for her and the children, marching right to the edge of the podium, where she looked up at me. I glared at her \'96 the woman had maligned me \'96 and then I noticed for the first time the swell in her belly and realized she was pregnant again. For one second, my mouth dropped \'96 four kids under four, sweet Jesus! \'96 and later, that look would be analyzed and debated, most people believing it was a one-two punch of anger and fear.\
\
\'91Hey, Nick.\'92 Her voice caught in the half-raised microphone and boomed out to the audience.\
\
I started to fumble with the mike, but couldn\'92t find the off switch.\
\
\'91I just wanted to see your face,\'92 she said, and burst into tears. A wet sob rolled out over the audience, everyone rapt. \'91Where is she? What have you done with Amy? What have you done with your wife!\'92\
\
Wife, wife, her voice echoed. Two of her alarmed children began to wail.\
\
Noelle couldn\'92t talk for a second, she was crying so hard, she was wild, furious, and she grabbed the microphone stand and yanked the whole thing down to her level. I debated grabbing it back but knew I could do nothing toward this woman in the maternity dress with the three toddlers. I scanned the crowd for Mike Hawthorne \'96 control your wife \'96 but he was nowhere. Noelle turned to address the crowd.\
\
\'91I am Amy\'92s best friend!\'92 Friend friend friend. The words boomed out all over the park along with her children\'92s keening. \'91Despite my best efforts, the police don\'92t seem to be taking me seriously. So I\'92m taking our cause to this town, this town that Amy loved, that loved her back! This man, Nick Dunne, needs to answer some questions. He needs to tell us what he did to his wife!\'92\
\
Boney darted from the side of the stage to reach her, and Noelle turned, and the two locked eyes. Boney made a frantic chopping motion at her throat: Stop talking!\
\
\'91His pregnant wife!\'92\
\
And no one could see the candles anymore, because the flashbulbs were going berserk. Next to me, Rand made a noise like a balloon squeak. Down below me, Boney put her fingers between her eyebrows as if stanching a headache. I was seeing everyone in frantic strobe shots that matched my pulse.\
\
I looked out into the crowd for Andie, saw her staring at me, her face pink and twisted, her cheeks damp, and as we caught each other\'92s eyes, she mouthed, \'91Asshole!\'92 and stumbled back away through the crowd.\
\
\'91We should go.\'92 My sister, suddenly beside me, whispering in my ear, tugging at my arm. The cameras flashing at me as I stood like some Frankenstein\'92s monster, fearful and agitated by the villager torches. Flash, flash. We started moving, breaking into two parts: my sister and I fleeing toward Go\'92s car, the Elliotts standing with jaws agape, on the platform, left behind, save yourselves. The reporters pelted the question over and over at me. Nick, was Amy pregnant? Nick, were you upset Amy was pregnant? Me, streaking out of the park, ducking like I was caught in hail: Pregnant, pregnant, pregnant, the word pulsing in the summer night in time to the cicadas.\
\
\
\
}