{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 NICK DUNNE\
\
\
SIX DAYS GONE\
\
\
\
Go pushed me into the car and peeled away from the park. We flew past Noelle, who was walking with Boney and Gilpin toward their cruiser, her carefully dressed triplets bumping along behind her like kite ribbons. We screeched past the mob: hundreds of faces, a fleshy pointillism of anger aimed right at me. We ran away, basically. Technically.\
\
\'91Wow, ambush,\'92 Go muttered.\
\
\'91Ambush?\'92 I repeated, brain-stunned.\
\
\'91You think that was an accident, Nick? Triplet Cunt already made her statement to the police. Nothing about the pregnancy.\'92\
\
\'91Or they\'92re doling out bombshells a little at a time.\'92\
\
Boney and Gilpin had already heard my wife was pregnant and decided to make it a strategy. They clearly really believed I killed her.\
\
\'91Noelle will be on every cable broadcast for the next week, talking about how you\'92re a murderer and she\'92s Amy\'92s best friend out for justice. Publicity whore. Publicity fucking whore.\'92\
\
I pressed my face against the window, slumped in my seat. Several news vans followed us. We drove silently, Go\'92s breath slowing down. I watched the river, a tree branch bobbing its way south.\
\
\'91Nick?\'92 she finally said. \'91Is it \'96 uh \'85 Do you\'97\'92\
\
\'91I don\'92t know, Go. Amy didn\'92t say anything to me. If she was pregnant, why would she tell Noelle and not tell me?\'92\
\
\'91Why would she try to get a gun and not tell you?\'92 Go said. \'91None of this makes sense.\'92\
\
We retreated to Go\'92s \'96 the camera crews would be swarming my house \'96 and as soon as I walked in the door my cell phone rang, the real one. It was the Elliotts. I sucked in some air, ducked into my old bedroom, then answered.\
\
\'91I need to ask you this, Nick.\'92 It was Rand, the TV burbling in the background. \'91I need you to tell me. Did you know Amy was pregnant?\'92\
\
I paused, trying to find the right way to phrase it, the unlikelihood of a pregnancy.\
\
\'91Answer me, goddammit!\'92\
\
Rand\'92s volume made me get quieter. I spoke in a soft, soothing voice, a voice wearing a cardigan. \'91Amy and I were not trying to get pregnant. She didn\'92t want to be pregnant, Rand, I don\'92t know if she ever was going to be. We weren\'92t even \'85 we weren\'92t even having relations that often. I\'92d be \'85 very surprised if she was pregnant.\'92\
\
\'91Noelle said Amy visited the doctor to confirm the pregnancy. The police already submitted a subpoena for the records. We\'92ll know tonight.\'92\
\
I found Go in the living room, sitting with a cup of cold coffee at my mother\'92s card table. She turned toward me just enough to show she knew I was there, but she didn\'92t let me see me her face.\
\
\'91Why do you keep lying, Nick?\'92 she asked. \'91The Elliotts are not your enemy. Shouldn\'92t you at least tell them that it was you who didn\'92t want kids? Why make Amy look like the bad guy?\'92\
\
I swallowed the rage again. My stomach was hot with it. \'91I\'92m exhausted, Go. Goddamn. We gotta do this now?\'92\
\
\'91We gonna find a time that\'92s better?\'92\
\
\'91I did want kids. We tried for a while, no luck. We even started looking into fertility treatments. But then Amy decided she didn\'92t want kids.\'92\
\
\'91You told me you didn\'92t.\'92\
\
\'91I was trying to put a good face on it.\'92\
\
\'91Oh, awesome, another lie,\'92 Go said. \'91I didn\'92t realize you were such a \'85 What you\'92re saying, Nick, it makes no sense. I was there, at the dinner to celebrate The Bar, and Mom misunderstood, she thought you guys were announcing that you were pregnant, and it made Amy cry.\'92\
\
\'91Well, I can\'92t explain everything Amy ever did, Go. I don\'92t know why, a fucking year ago, she cried like that. Okay?\'92\
\
Go sat quietly, the orange of the streetlight creating a rock-star halo around her profile. \'91This is going to be a real test for you, Nick,\'92 she murmured, not looking at me. \'91You\'92ve always had trouble with the truth \'96 you always do the little fib if you think it will avoid a real argument. You\'92ve always gone the easy way. Tell Mom you went to baseball practice when you really quit the team; tell Mom you went to church when you were at a movie. It\'92s some weird compulsion.\'92\
\
\'91This is very different from baseball, Go.\'92\
\
\'91It\'92s a lot different. But you\'92re still fibbing like a little boy. You\'92re still desperate to have everyone think you\'92re perfect. You never want to be the bad guy. So you tell Amy\'92s parents she didn\'92t want kids. You don\'92t tell me you\'92re cheating on your wife. You swear the credit cards in your name aren\'92t yours, you swear you were hanging out at a beach when you hate the beach, you swear your marriage was happy. I just don\'92t know what to believe right now.\'92\
\
\'91You\'92re kidding, right?\'92\
\
\'91Since Amy has disappeared, all you\'92ve done is lie. It makes me worry. About what\'92s going on.\'92\
\
Complete silence for a moment.\
\
\'91Go, are you saying what I think you\'92re saying? Because if you are, something has fucking died between us.\'92\
\
\'91Remember that game you always played with Mom when we were little: Would you still love me if? Would you still love me if I smacked Go? Would you still love me if I robbed a bank? Would you still love me if I killed someone?\'92\
\
I said nothing. My breath was coming too fast.\
\
\'91I would still love you,\'92 Go said.\
\
\'91Go, do you really need me to say it?\'92\
\
She stayed silent.\
\
\'91I did not kill Amy.\'92\
\
She stayed silent.\
\
\'91Do you believe me?\'92 I asked.\
\
\'91I love you.\'92\
\
She put her hand on my shoulder and went to her bedroom, shut the door. I waited to see the light go on in the room, but it stayed dark.\
\
Two seconds later, my cell phone rang. This time, it was the disposable cell that I needed to get rid of and couldn\'92t because I always, always, always had to pick up for Andie. Once a day, Nick. We need to talk once a day.\
\
I realized I was grinding my teeth.\
\
I took a breath.\
\
Far out on the edge of town were the remains of an Old West fort that was now yet another park that no one ever went to. All that was left was the two-story wooden watchtower, surrounded by rusted swing sets and teeter-totters. Andie and I had met there once, groping each other inside the shade of the watchtower.\
\
I did three long loops around town in my mom\'92s old car to be sure I was not tracked. It was madness to go \'96 it wasn\'92t yet ten o\'92clock \'96 but I had no say in our rendezvous anymore. I need to see you, Nick, tonight, right now, or I swear to you, I will lose it. As I pulled up to the fort, I was hit by the remoteness of it and what it meant: Andie was still willing to meet me in a lonely, unlit place, me the pregnant wife killer. As I walked toward the tower through the thick, scratchy grass, I could just see her outline in the tiny window of the wooden watchtower.\
\
She is going to undo you, Nick. I quick-stepped the rest of the way.\
\
An hour later I was huddled in the paparazzi-infested house, waiting. Rand said they\'92d know before midnight whether my wife was pregnant. When the phone rang, I grabbed it immediately only to find it was goddamn Comfort Hill. My father was gone again. The cops had been notified. As always, they made it sound as if I were the jackass. If this happens again, we are going to have to terminate your father\'92s stay with us. I had a sickening chill: My dad moving in with me \'96 two pathetic, angry bastards \'96 it would surely make for the worst buddy comedy in the world. The ending would be a murder-suicide. Ba-dum-dum! Cue the laff track.\
\
I was getting off the phone, peering out the back window at the river \'96 stay calm, Nick \'96 when I saw a huddled figure down by the boathouse. I thought it must be a stray reporter, but then I recognized something in those balled fists and tight shoulders. Comfort Hill was about a thirty-minute walk straight down River Road. He somehow remembered our house when he couldn\'92t remember me.\
\
I went outside into the darkness to see him dangling a foot over the bank, staring into the river. Less bedraggled than before, although he smelled tangy with sweat.\
\
\'91Dad? What are you doing here? Everyone\'92s worried.\'92\
\
He looked at me with dark brown eyes, sharp eyes, not the glazed-milk color some elderly acquire. It would have been less disconcerting if they\'92d been milky.\
\
\'91She told me to come,\'92 he snapped. \'91She told me to come. This is my house, I can come whenever I want.\'92\
\
\'91You walked all the way here?\'92\
\
\'91I can come here anytime. You may hate me, but she loves me.\'92\
\
I almost laughed. Even my father was reinventing a relationship with Amy.\
\
A few photographers on my front lawn began shooting. I had to get my dad back to the home. I could picture the article they\'92d have to cook up to go along with this exclusive footage: What kind of father was Bill Dunne, what kind of man did he raise? Good God, if my dad started in on one of his harangues against the bitches \'85 I dialed Comfort Hill, and after some finagling, they sent an orderly to retrieve him. I made a display of walking him gently to the sedan, murmuring reassuringly as the photographers got their shots.\
\
My dad. I smiled as he left. I tried to make it seem very proud-son. The reporters asked me if I killed my wife. I was retreating to the house when a cop car pulled up.\
\
It was Boney who came to my home, braving the paparazzi, to tell me. She did it kindly, in a gentle-fingertip voice.\
\
Amy was pregnant.\
\
My wife was gone with my baby inside her. Boney watched me, waiting for my reaction \'96 make it part of the police report \'96 so I told myself, Act correctly, don\'92t blow it, act the way a man acts when he hears this news. I ducked my head into my hands and muttered, Oh God, oh God, and while I was doing it, I saw my wife on the floor of our kitchen, her hands around her belly and her head bashed in.\
\
\
}