{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 NICK DUNNE\
\
\
EIGHT DAYS GONE\
\
\
\
We searched every cranny of my father\'92s house, which didn\'92t take long, since it\'92s so pathetically empty. The cabinets, the closets. I yanked at the corners of rugs to see if they came up. I peeked into his washer and dryer, stuck a hand up his chimney. I even looked behind the toilet tanks.\
\
\'91Very Godfather of you,\'92 Go said.\
\
\'91If it were very Godfather, I\'92d have found what we were looking for and come out shooting.\'92\
\
Tanner stood in the center of my dad\'92s living room and tugged at the end of his lime tie. Go and I were smeared with dust and grime, but somehow Tanner\'92s white button-down positively glowed, as if it retained some of the strobe-light glamour of New York. He was staring at the corner of a cabinet, chewing on his lip, tugging at the tie, thinking. The man had probably spent years perfecting this look: the Shut up, client, I\'92m thinking look.\
\
\'91I don\'92t like this,\'92 he finally said. \'91We have a lot of uncontained issues here, and I won\'92t go to the cops until we\'92re very, very contained. My first instinct is to get ahead of the situation \'96 report that stuff in the shed before we get busted with it. But if we don\'92t know what Amy wants us to find here, and we don\'92t know Andie\'92s mind-set \'85 Nick, do you have a guess about what Andie\'92s mind-set is?\'92\
\
I shrugged. \'91Pissed.\'92\
\
\'91I mean, that makes me very, very nervous. We\'92re in a very prickly situation, basically. We need to tell the cops about the woodshed. We have to be on the front end of that discovery. But I want to lay out for you what will happen when we do. And what will happen is: They will go after Go. It\'92ll be one of two options. One: Go is your accomplice, she was helping you hide this stuff on her property, and in all likelihood, she knows you killed Amy.\'92\
\
\'91Come on, you can\'92t be serious,\'92 I said.\
\
\'91Nick, we\'92d be lucky with that version,\'92 Tanner said. \'91They can interpret this however they want. How about this one: It was Go who stole your identity, who got those credit cards. She bought all that crap in there. Amy found out, there was a confrontation, Go killed Amy.\'92\
\
\'91Then we get way, way ahead of all this,\'92 I said. \'91We tell them about the woodshed, and we tell them Amy is framing me.\'92\
\
\'91I think that is a bad idea in general, and right now it\'92s a really bad idea if we don\'92t have Andie on our side, because we\'92d have to tell them about Andie.\'92\
\
\'91Why?\'92\
\
\'91Because if we go to the cops with your story, that Amy framed you\'97\'92\
\
\'91Why do you keep saying my story, like it\'92s something I made up?\'92\
\
\'91Ha. Good point. If we explain to the cops how Amy is framing you, we have to explain why she is framing you. Why: because she found out you have a very pretty, very young girlfriend on the side.\'92\
\
\'91Do we really have to tell them that?\'92 I asked.\
\
\'91Amy framed you for her murder because \'85 she was \'85 what, bored?\'92\
\
I swallowed my lips.\
\
\'91We have to give them Amy\'92s motive, it doesn\'92t work otherwise. But the problem is, if we set Andie, gift-wrapped, on their doorstep, and they don\'92t buy the frame-up theory, then we\'92ve given them your motive for murder. Money problems, check. Pregnant wife, check. Girlfriend, check. It\'92s a murderer\'92s triumvirate. You\'92ll go down. Women will line up to tear you apart with their fingernails.\'92 He began pacing. \'91But if we don\'92t do anything, and Andie goes to them on her own \'85\'92\
\
\'91So what do we do?\'92 I asked.\
\
\'91I think the cops will laugh us out of the station if we say right now that Amy framed you. It\'92s too flimsy. I believe you, but it\'92s flimsy.\'92\
\
\'91But the treasure hunt clues\'97\'92 I started.\
\
\'91Nick, even I don\'92t understand those clues,\'92 Go said. \'91They\'92re all inside baseball between you and Amy. There\'92s only your word that they\'92re leading you into \'85 incriminating situations. I mean, seriously: crummy jeans and visor equals Hannibal?\'92\
\
\'91Little brown house equals your dad\'92s house, which is blue,\'92 Tanner added.\
\
I could feel Tanner\'92s doubt. I needed to really show him Amy\'92s character. Her lies, her vindictiveness, her score-settling. I needed other people to back me up \'96 that my wife wasn\'92t Amazing Amy but Avenging Amy.\
\
\'91Lets see if we can reach out to Andie today,\'92 Tanner finally said.\
\
\'91Isn\'92t it a risk to wait?\'92 Go asked.\
\
Tanner nodded. \'91It\'92s a risk. We have to move fast. If another bit of evidence pops up, if the police get a search warrant for the woodshed, if Andie goes to the cops\'97\'92\
\
\'91She won\'92t,\'92 I said.\
\
\'91She bit you, Nick.\'92\
\
\'91She won\'92t. She\'92s pissed off right now, but she\'92s \'85 I can\'92t believe she\'92d do that to me. She knows I\'92m innocent.\'92\
\
\'91Nick, you said you were with Andie for about an hour the morning Amy disappeared, yes?\'92\
\
\'91Yes. From about ten-thirty to right before twelve.\'92\
\
\'91So where were you between seven-thirty and ten?\'92 Tanner asked. \'91You said you left the house at seven-thirty, right? Where did you go?\'92\
\
I chewed on my cheek.\
\
\'91Where did you go, Nick \'96 I need to know.\'92\
\
\'91It\'92s not relevant.\'92\
\
\'91Nick!\'92 Go snapped.\
\
\'91I just did what I do some mornings. I pretended to leave, then I drove to the most deserted part of our complex, and I \'85 one of the houses there has an unlocked garage.\'92\
\
\'91And?\'92 Tanner said.\
\
\'91And I read magazines.\'92\
\
\'91Excuse me?\'92\
\
\'91I read back issues of my old magazine.\'92\
\
I still missed my magazine \'96 I hid copies like porn and read them in secret, because I didn\'92t want anyone feeling sorry for me.\
\
I looked up, and both Tanner and Go felt very, very sorry for me.\
\
I drove back to my house just after noon, was greeted by a street full of news vans, reporters camped out on my lawn. I couldn\'92t get into my driveway, was forced to park in front of the house. I took a breath, then flung myself out of the car. They set on me like starving birds, pecking and fluttering, breaking formation and gathering again. Nick, did you know Amy was pregnant? Nick, what is your alibi? Nick, did you kill Amy?\
\
I made it inside, locked myself in. On each side of the door were windows, so I braved it and quickly pulled down the shades, all the while cameras clicking at me, questions called. Nick, did you kill Amy? Once the shades were pulled, it was like covering a canary for the night: The noise out front stopped.\
\
I went upstairs and satisfied my shower craving. I closed my eyes and let the spray dissolve the dirt from my dad\'92s house. When I opened them back up, the first thing I saw was Amy\'92s pink razor on the soap dish. It felt ominous, malevolent. My wife was crazy. I was married to a crazy woman. It\'92s every asshole\'92s mantra: I married a psycho bitch. But I got a small, nasty bite of gratification: I really did marry a genuine, bona fide psycho bitch. Nick, meet your wife: the world\'92s foremost mindfucker. I was not as big an asshole as I\'92d thought. An asshole, yes, but not on a grandiose scale. The cheating, that had been preemptive, a subconscious reaction to five years yoked to a madwoman: Of course I\'92d find myself attracted to an uncomplicated, good-natured hometown girl. It\'92s like when people with iron deficiencies crave red meat.\
\
I was toweling off when the doorbell rang. I leaned out the bathroom door and heard the reporters\'92 voices geared up again: Do you believe your son-in-law, Marybeth? What does it feel like to know you\'92ll be a grandpa, Rand? Do you think Nick killed your daughter, Marybeth?\
\
They stood side by side on my front step, grim-faced, their backs rigid. There were about a dozen journalists, paparazzi, but they made the noise of twice that many. Do you believe your son-in-law, Marybeth? What does it feel like to know you\'92ll be a grandpa, Rand? The Elliotts entered with mumbled hellos and downcast eyes, and I slammed the door shut on the cameras. Rand put a hand on my arm and immediately removed it under Marybeth\'92s gaze.\
\
\'91Sorry, I was in the shower.\'92 My hair was still dripping, wetting the shoulders of my T-shirt. Marybeth\'92s hair was greasy, her clothes wilted. She looked at me like I was insane.\
\
\'91Tanner Bolt? Are you serious?\'92 she asked.\
\
\'91What do you mean?\'92\
\
\'91I mean, Nick: Tanner Bolt, are you serious. He only represents guilty people.\'92 She leaned in closer, grabbed my chin. \'91What\'92s on your cheek?\'92\
\
\'91Hives. Stress.\'92 I turned away from her. \'91That\'92s not true about Tanner, Marybeth. It\'92s not. He\'92s the best in the business. I need him right now. The police \'96 all they\'92re doing is looking at me.\'92\
\
\'91That certainly seems to be the case,\'92 she said. \'91It looks like a bite mark.\'92\
\
\'91It\'92s hives.\'92\
\
Marybeth released an aggravated sigh, turned the corner into the living room. \'91This is where it happened?\'92 she asked. Her face had collapsed into a series of fleshy ridges \'96 eye bags and saggy cheeks, her lips downcast.\
\
\'91We think. Some sort of \'85 altercation, confrontation, also happened in the kitchen.\'92\
\
\'91Because of the blood.\'92 Marybeth touched the ottoman, tested it, lifted it a few inches, and let it drop. \'91I wish you hadn\'92t fixed everything. You made it look like nothing ever happened.\'92\
\
\'91Marybeth, he has to live here,\'92 Rand said.\
\
\'91I still don\'92t understand how \'96 I mean, what if the police didn\'92t find everything? What if \'85 I don\'92t know. It seems like they gave up. If they just let the house go. Open to anyone.\'92\
\
\'91I\'92m sure they got everything,\'92 Rand said, and squeezed her hand. \'91Why don\'92t we ask if we can look at Amy\'92s things so you can pick something special, okay?\'92 He glanced at me. \'91Would that be all right, Nick? It\'92d be a comfort to have something of hers.\'92 He turned back to his wife. \'91That blue sweater Nana knitted for her.\'92\
\
\'91I don\'92t want the goddamn blue sweater, Rand!\'92\
\
She flung his hand off, began pacing around the room, picking up items. She pushed the ottoman with a toe. \'91This is the ottoman, Nick?\'92 she asked. \'91The one they said was flipped over but it shouldn\'92t have been?\'92\
\
\'91That\'92s the ottoman.\'92\
\
She stopped pacing, kicked it again, and watched it remain upright.\
\
\'91Marybeth, I\'92m sure Nick is exhausted\'92 \'96 Rand glanced at me with a meaningful smile \'96 \'91like we all are. I think we should do what we came here for and\'97\'92\
\
\'91This is what I came here for, Rand. Not some stupid sweater of Amy\'92s to snuggle up against like I\'92m three. I want my daughter. I don\'92t want her stuff. Her stuff means nothing to me. I want Nick to tell us what the hell is going on, because this whole thing is starting to stink. I never, I never \'96 I never felt so foolish in my life.\'92 She began crying, swiping away the tears, clearly furious at herself for crying. \'91We trusted you with our daughter. We trusted you, Nick. Just tell us the truth!\'92 She put a quivering index finger under my nose. \'91Is it true? Did you not want the baby? Did you not love Amy anymore? Did you hurt her?\'92\
\
I wanted to smack her. Marybeth and Rand had raised Amy. She was literally their work product. They had created her. I wanted to say the words Your daughter is the monster here, but I couldn\'92t \'96 not until we\'92d told the police \'96 and so I remained dumbfounded, trying to think of what I could say. But I looked like I was stonewalling. \'91Marybeth, I would never\'97\'92\
\
\'91I would never, I could never, that\'92s all I hear from your goddamn mouth. You know, I hate even looking at you anymore. I really do. There\'92s something wrong with you. There\'92s something missing inside you, to act the way you\'92ve been acting. Even if it turns out you\'92re totally blameless, I will never forgive you for how casually you\'92ve taken all of this. You\'92d think you mislaid a damn umbrella! After all Amy gave up for you, after all she did for you, and this is what she gets in return. It\'97You \'96 I don\'92t believe you, Nick. That\'92s what I came here to let you know. I don\'92t believe in you. Not anymore.\'92\
\
She began sobbing, turned away, and flung herself out the front door as the thrilled cameramen filmed her. She got in the car, and two reporters pressed against the window, knocking on it, trying to get her to say something. In the living room, we could hear them repeating and repeating her name. Marybeth \'96 Marybeth\'97\
\
Rand remained, hands in his pockets, trying to figure out what role to play. Tanner\'92s voice \'96 we have to keep the Elliotts on our side \'96 was Greek-chorusing in my ear.\
\
Rand opened his mouth, and I headed him off. \'91Rand, tell me what I can do.\'92\
\
\'91Just say it, Nick.\'92\
\
\'91Say what?\'92\
\
\'91I don\'92t want to ask, and you don\'92t want to answer. I get that. But I need to hear you say it. You didn\'92t kill our daughter.\'92\
\
He laughed and teared up at the same time. \'91Jesus Christ, I can\'92t keep my head straight,\'92 Rand said. He was turning pink, flushed, a nuclear sunburn. \'91I can\'92t figure out how this is happening. I can\'92t figure it out!\'92 He was still smiling. A tear dribbled on his chin and fell to his shirt collar. \'91Just say it, Nick.\'92\
\
\'91Rand, I did not kill Amy or hurt her in any way.\'92 He kept his eyes on me. \'91Do you believe me, that I didn\'92t physically harm her?\'92\
\
Rand laughed again. \'91You know what I was about to say? I was about to say I don\'92t know what to believe anymore. And then I thought, that\'92s someone else\'92s line. That\'92s a line from a movie, not something I should be saying, and I wonder for a second, am I in a movie? Can I stop being in this movie? Then I know I can\'92t. But for a second, you think, I\'92ll say something different, and this will all change. But it won\'92t, will it?\'92\
\
With one quick Jack Russell headshake, he turned and followed his wife to the car.\
\
Instead of feeling sad, I felt alarmed. Before the Elliotts were even out of my driveway, I was thinking: We need to go to the cops quickly, soon. Before the Elliotts started discussing their loss of faith in public. I needed to prove my wife was not who she pretended to be. Not Amazing Amy: Avenging Amy. I flashed to Tommy O\'92Hara \'96 the guy who called the tip line three times, the guy Amy had accused of raping her. Tanner had gotten some background on him: He wasn\'92t the macho Irishman I\'92d pictured from his name, not a fire-fighter or cop. He wrote for a humor website based in Brooklyn, a decent one, and his contributor photo revealed him to be a scrawny guy with dark-framed glasses and an uncomfortable amount of thick black hair, wearing a wry grin and a T-shirt for a band called the Bingos.\
\
He picked up on the first ring. \'91Yeah?\'92\
\
\'91This is Nick Dunne. You called me about my wife. Amy Dunne. Amy Elliott. I have to talk with you.\'92\
\
I heard a pause, waited for him to hang up on me like Hilary Handy.\
\
\'91Call me back in ten minutes.\'92\
\
I did. The background was a bar, I knew the sound well enough: the murmur of drinkers, the clatter of ice cubes, the strange pops of noise as people called for drinks or hailed friends. I had a burst of homesickness for my own place.\
\
\'91Okay, thanks,\'92 he said. \'91Had to get to a bar. Seemed like a Scotch conversation.\'92 His voice got progressively closer, thicker: I could picture him huddling protectively over a drink, cupping his mouth to the phone.\
\
\'91So,\'92 I began, \'91I got your messages.\'92\
\
\'91Right. She\'92s still missing, right? Amy?\'92\
\
\'91Yes.\'92\
\
\'91Can I ask you what you think has happened?\'92 he said. \'91To Amy?\'92\
\
Fuck it, I wanted a drink. I went into my kitchen \'96 next best thing to my bar \'96 and poured myself one. I\'92d been trying to be more careful about the booze, but it felt so good: the tang of a Scotch, a dark room with the blinding sun right outside.\
\
\'91Can I ask you why you called?\'92 I replied.\
\
\'91I\'92ve been watching the coverage,\'92 he said. \'91You\'92re fucked.\'92\
\
\'91I am. I wanted to talk to you because I thought it was \'85 interesting that you\'92d try to get in touch. Considering. The rape charge.\'92\
\
\'91Ah, you know about that,\'92 he said.\
\
\'91I know there was a rape charge, but I don\'92t necessarily believe you\'92re a rapist. I wanted to hear what you had to say.\'92\
\
\'91Yeah.\'92 I heard him take a gulp of his Scotch, kill it, shake the ice cubes around. \'91I caught the story on the news one night. Your story. Amy\'92s. I was in bed, eating Thai. Minding my own business. Totally fucked me in the head. Her after all these years.\'92 He called to the bartender for another. \'91So my lawyer said no way I should talk to you, but \'85 what can I say? I\'92m too fucking nice. I can\'92t let you twist. God, I wish you could still smoke in bars. This is a Scotch and cigarette conversation.\'92\
\
\'91Tell me,\'92 I said. \'91About the assault charge. The rape.\'92\
\
\'91Like I said, man, I\'92ve seen the coverage, the media is shitting all over you. I mean, you\'92re the guy. So I should leave well enough alone \'96 I don\'92t need that girl back in my life. Even, like, tangentially. But shit. I wish someone had done me the favor.\'92\
\
\'91So do me the favor,\'92 I said.\
\
\'91First of all, she dropped the charges \'96 you know that, right?\'92\
\
\'91I know. Did you do it?\'92\
\
\'91Fuck you. Of course I didn\'92t do it. Did you do it?\'92\
\
\'91No.\'92\
\
\'91Well.\'92\
\
Tommy called again for his Scotch. \'91Let me ask: Your marriage was good? Amy was happy?\'92\
\
I stayed silent.\
\
\'91You don\'92t have to answer, but I\'92m going to guess no. Amy was not happy. For whatever reason. I\'92m not even going to ask. I can guess, but I\'92m not going to ask. But I know you must know this: Amy likes to play God when she\'92s not happy. Old Testament God.\'92\
\
\'91Meaning?\'92\
\
\'91She doles out punishment,\'92 Tommy said. \'91Hard.\'92 He laughed into the phone. \'91I mean, you should see me,\'92 he said. \'91I do not look like some alpha-male rapist. I look like a twerp. I am a twerp. My goto karaoke song is \'93Sister Christian,\'94 for crying out loud. I weep during Godfather II. Every time.\'92 He coughed after a swallow. Seemed like a moment to loosen him up.\
\
\'91Fredo?\'92 I asked.\
\
\'91Fredo, man, yeah. Poor Fredo.\'92\
\
\'91Stepped over.\'92\
\
Most men have sports as the lingua-franca of dudes. This was the film-geek equivalent to discussing some great play in a famous football game. We both knew the line, and the fact that we both knew it eliminated a good day\'92s worth of are we copacetic small talk.\
\
He took another drink. \'91It was so fucking absurd.\'92\
\
\'91Tell me.\'92\
\
\'91You\'92re not taping this or anything, right? No one\'92s listening in? Because I don\'92t want that.\'92\
\
\'91Just us. I\'92m on your side.\'92\
\
\'91So I meet Amy at a party \'96 this is, like, seven years ago now \'96 and she\'92s so damn cool. Just hilarious and weird and \'85 cool. We just clicked, you know, and I don\'92t click with a lot of girls, at least not girls who look like Amy. So I\'92m thinking \'85 well, first I\'92m thinking I\'92m being punked. Where\'92s the catch, you know? But we start dating, and we date a few months, two, three months, and then I find out the catch: She\'92s not the girl I thought I was dating. She can quote funny things, but she doesn\'92t actually like funny things. She\'92d rather not laugh, anyway. In fact, she\'92d rather that I not laugh either, or be funny, which is awkward since it\'92s my job, but to her, it\'92s all a waste of time. I mean, I can\'92t even figure out why she started dating me in the first place, because it seems pretty clear that she doesn\'92t even like me. Does that make sense?\'92\
\
I nodded, swallowed a gulp of Scotch. \'91Yeah. It does.\'92\
\
\'91So, I start making excuses not to hang out so much. I don\'92t call it off, because I\'92m an idiot, and she\'92s gorgeous. I\'92m hoping it might turn around. But you know, I\'92m making excuses fairly regularly: I\'92m stuck at work, I\'92m on deadline, I have a friend in town, my monkey is sick, whatever. And I start seeing this other girl, kinda sorta seeing her, very casual, no big deal. Or so I think. But Amy finds out \'96 how, I still don\'92t know, for all I know, she was staking out my apartment. But \'85 shit \'85\'92\
\
\'91Take a drink.\'92\
\
We both took a swallow.\
\
\'91Amy comes over to my place one night \'96 I\'92d been seeing this other girl like a month \'96 and Amy comes over, and she\'92s all back like she used to be. She\'92s got some bootleg DVD of a comic I like, an underground performance in Durham, and she\'92s got a sack of burgers, and we watch the DVD, and she\'92s got her leg flopped over mine, and then she\'92s nestling into me, and \'85 sorry. She\'92s your wife. My main point is: The girl knew how to work me. And we end up \'85\'92\
\
\'91You had sex.\'92\
\
\'91Consensual sex, yes. And she leaves and everything is fine. Kiss goodbye at the door, the whole shebang.\'92\
\
\'91Then what?\'92\
\
\'91The next thing I know, two cops are at my door, and they\'92ve done a rape kit on Amy, and she has \'93wounds consistent with forcible rape.\'94 And she has ligature marks on her wrists, and when they search my apartment, there on the headboard of my bed are two ties \'96 like, neckties \'96 tucked down near the mattress, and the ties are, quote, \'93consistent with the ligature marks.\'94\'92\
\
\'91Had you tied her up?\'92\
\
\'91No, the sex wasn\'92t even that \'85 that, you know? I was totally caught off guard. She must have tied them there when I got up to take a piss or whatever. I mean, I was in some serious shit. It was looking very bad. And then suddenly she dropped the charges. Couple of weeks later, I got a note, anonymous, typed, says: Maybe next time you\'92ll think twice.\'92\
\
\'91And you never heard from her again?\'92\
\
\'91Never heard from her again.\'92\
\
\'91And you didn\'92t try to press charges against her or anything?\'92\
\
\'91Uh, no. Fuck no. I was just glad she went away. Then last week, I\'92m eating my Thai food, sitting in my bed, watching the news report. On Amy. On you. Perfect wife, anniversary, no body, a real shitstorm. I swear, I broke out in a sweat. I thought: That\'92s Amy, she\'92s graduated to murder. Holy shit. I\'92m serious, man, I bet whatever she\'92s got cooked up for you, it\'92s drum-fucking-tight. You should be fucking scared.\'92\
\
\
\
\
\
}