{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 NICK DUNNE\
\
\
TEN DAYS GONE\
\
\
\
We spent the day of the interview huddled in the spare bedroom of Tanner\'92s suite, prepping my lines, fixing my look. Betsy fussed over my clothes, then Go trimmed the hair above my ears with nail scissors while Betsy tried to talk me into using makeup \'96 powder \'96 to cut down on shine. We all spoke in low voices because Sharon\'92s crew was setting up outside; the interview would be in the suite\'92s living room, overlooking the St. Louis Arch. Gateway to the West. I\'92m not sure what the point of the landmark was except to serve as a vague symbol of the middle of the country: You Are Here.\
\
\'91You need at least a little powder, Nick,\'92 Betsy finally said, coming at me with the puff. \'91Your nose sweats when you get nervous. Nixon lost an election on nose sweat.\'92 Tanner oversaw it all like a conductor. \'91Not too much off that side, Go,\'92 he\'92d call. \'91Bets, be very careful with that powder, better too little than too much.\'92\
\
\'91We should have Botoxed him,\'92 she said. Apparently, Botox fights sweat as well as wrinkles \'96 some of their clients got a series of underarm shots before a trial, and they were already suggesting such a thing for me. Gently, subtly suggesting, should we go to trial.\
\
\'91Yeah, I really need the press to get wind that I was having Botox treatments while my wife was missing,\'92 I said. \'91Is missing.\'92 I knew Amy wasn\'92t dead, but I also knew she was so far out of my reach that she might as well be. She was a wife in past tense.\
\
\'91Good catch,\'92 Tanner said. \'91Next time do it before it comes out of your mouth.\'92\
\
At five p.m., Tanner\'92s phone rang, and he looked at the display. \'91Boney.\'92 He sent it to voice mail. \'91I\'92ll call her after.\'92 He didn\'92t want any new bit of information, interrogation, gossip to force us to reformulate our message. I agreed: I didn\'92t want Boney in my head just then.\
\
\'91You sure we shouldn\'92t see what she wants?\'92 Go said.\
\
\'91She wants to fuck with me some more,\'92 I said. \'91We\'92ll call her. A few hours. She can wait.\'92\
\
We all rearranged ourselves, a mass group reassurance that the call was nothing to worry about. The room stayed silent for half a minute.\
\
\'91I have to say, I\'92m strangely excited to get to meet Sharon Schieber,\'92 Go finally said. \'91Very classy lady. Not like that Connie Chung.\'92\
\
I laughed, which was the intention. Our mother had loved Sharon Schieber and hated Connie Chung \'96 she\'92d never forgiven her for embarrassing Newt Gingrich\'92s mother on TV, something about Newt calling Hilary Clinton a b-i-t-c-h. I don\'92t remember the actual interview, just our mom\'92s outrage over it.\
\
At six p.m. we entered the room, where two chairs were set up facing each other, the Arch in the background, the timing picked precisely so the Arch would glow but there would be no sunset glare on the windows. One of the most important moments of my life, I thought, dictated by the angle of the sun. A producer whose name I wouldn\'92t remember clicked toward us on dangerously high heels and explained to me what I should expect. Questions could be asked several times, to make the interview seem as smooth as possible, and to allow for Sharon\'92s reaction shots. I could not speak to my lawyer before giving an answer. I could rephrase an answer but not change the substance of the answer. Here\'92s some water, let\'92s get you miked.\
\
We started to move over to the chair, and Betsy nudged my arm. When I looked down, she showed me a pocket of jellybeans. \'91Remember \'85\'92 she said, and tsked her finger at me.\
\
Suddenly, the suite door swung wide and Sharon Schieber entered, as smooth as if she were being borne by a team of swans. She was a beautiful woman, a woman who had probably never looked girlish. A woman whose nose probably never sweated. She had thick dark hair and giant brown eyes that could look doelike or wicked.\
\
\'91It\'92s Sharon!\'92 Go said, a thrilled whisper to imitate our mom.\
\
Sharon turned to Go and nodded majestically, came over to greet us. \'91I\'92m Sharon,\'92 she said in a warm, deep voice, taking both of Go\'92s hands.\
\
\'91Our mother loved you,\'92 Go said.\
\
\'91I\'92m so glad,\'92 Sharon said, managing to sound warm. She turned to me and was about to speak when her producer clicked up on high heels and whispered in her ear. Then waited for Sharon\'92s reaction, then whispered again.\
\
\'91Oh. Oh my God,\'92 Sharon said. When she turned back to me, she wasn\'92t smiling at all.\
\
\
}