{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 NICK DUNNE\
\
\
TEN DAYS GONE\
\
\
\
The show was over, Andie and the Elliotts gone from view. Sharon\'92s producer kicked the TV off with the point of her heel. Everyone in the room was watching me, waiting for an explanation, the party guest who just shat on the floor. Sharon gave me a too-bright smile, an angry smile that strained her Botox. Her face folded in the wrong spots.\
\
\'91Well?\'92 she said in her calm, plummy voice. \'91What the fuck was that?\'92\
\
Tanner stepped in. \'91That was the bombshell. Nick was and is fully prepared to disclose and discuss his actions. I\'92m sorry about the timing, but in a way, it\'92s better for you, Sharon. You\'92ll get the first react from Nick.\'92\
\
\'91You\'92d better have some goddamn interesting things to say, Nick.\'92 She breezed away, calling, \'91Mike him, we do this now\'92 to no one in particular.\
\
Sharon Schieber, it turned out, fucking adored me. In New York I\'92d always heard rumors that she\'92d been a cheat herself and returned to her husband, a very hush-hush inside-journalism story. That was almost ten years ago, but I figured the urge to absolve might still be there. It was. She beamed, she coddled, she cajoled and teased. She pursed those full, glossy lips at me in deep sincerity \'96 a knuckled hand under her chin \'96 and asked me her hard questions, and for once I answered them well. I am not a liar of Amy\'92s dazzling caliber, but I\'92m not bad when I have to be. I looked like a man who loved his wife, who was shamed by his infidelities and ready to do right. The night before, sleepless and nervy, I\'92d gone online and watched Hugh Grant on Leno, 1995, apologizing to the nation for getting lewd with a hooker. Stuttering, stammering, squirming as if his skin were two sizes too small. But no excuses: \'91I think you know in life what\'92s a good thing to do and what\'92s a bad thing, and I did a bad thing \'85 and there you have it.\'92 Damn, the guy was good \'96 he looked sheepish, nervous, so shaky you wanted to take his hand and say, Buddy, it\'92s not that big a deal, don\'92t beat yourself up. Which was the effect I was going for. I watched that clip so many times, I was in danger of borrowing a British accent.\
\
I was the ultimate hollow man: the husband that Amy always claimed couldn\'92t apologize finally did, using words and emotions borrowed from an actor.\
\
But it worked. Sharon, I did a bad thing, an unforgivable thing. I can\'92t make any excuses for it. I let myself down \'96 I\'92ve never thought of myself as a cheater. It\'92s inexcusable, it\'92s unforgivable, and I just want Amy to come home so I can spend the rest of my life making it up to her, treating her how she deserves.\
\
Oh, I\'92d definitely like to treat her how she deserves.\
\
But here\'92s the thing, Sharon: I did not kill Amy. I would never hurt her. I think what\'92s happening here is what I\'92ve been calling [a chuckle] in my mind the Ellen Abbott effect. This embarrassing, irresponsible brand of journalism. We are so used to seeing these murders of women packaged as entertainment, which is disgusting, and in these shows, who is guilty? It\'92s always the husband. So I think the public and, to an extent, even the police have been hammered into believing that\'92s always the case. From the beginning, it was practically assumed I had killed my wife \'96 because that\'92s the story we are told time after time \'96 and that\'92s wrong, that\'92s morally wrong. I did not kill my wife. I want her to come home.\
\
I knew Sharon would like an opportunity to paint Ellen Abbott as a sensationalistic ratings whore. I knew regal Sharon with her twenty years in journalism, her interviews with Arafat and Sarkozy and Obama, would be offended by the very idea of Ellen Abbott. I am (was) a journalist, I know the drill, and so when I said those words \'96 the Ellen Abbott effect \'96 I recognized Sharon\'92s mouth twitch, the delicately raised eyebrows, the lightening of her whole visage. It was the look when you realize: I got my angle.\
\
At the end of the interview, Sharon took both my hands in hers \'96 cool, a bit callused, I\'92d read she was an avid golfer \'96 and wished me well. \'91I will be keeping a close eye on you, my friend,\'92 she said, and then she was kissing Go on the cheek and swishing away from us, the back of her dress a battlefield of stickpins to keep the material in front from slouching.\
\
\'91You fucking did that perfectly,\'92 Go pronounced as she headed to the door. \'91You seem totally different than before. In charge but not cocky. Even your jaw is less \'85 dickish.\'92\
\
\'91I unclefted my chin.\'92\
\
\'91Almost, yeah. See you back home.\'92 She actually gave me a go-champ punch to the shoulder.\
\
I followed the Sharon Schieber interview with two quickies \'96 one cable and one network. Tomorrow the Schieber interview would air, and then the others would roll out, a domino of apologetics and remorse. I was taking control. I was no longer going to settle for being the possibly guilty husband or the emotionally removed husband or the heartlessly cheating husband. I was the guy everyone knew \'96 the guy many men (and women) have been: I cheated, I feel like shit, I will do what needs to be done to fix the situation because I am a real man.\
\
\'91We are in decent shape,\'92 Tanner pronounced as we wrapped up. \'91The thing with Andie, it won\'92t be as awful as it might have been, thanks to the interview with Sharon. We just need to stay ahead of everything else from now on.\'92\
\
Go phoned, and I picked up. Her voice was thin and high.\
\
\'91The cops are here with a warrant for the woodshed \'85 they\'92re at Dad\'92s house too. They\'92re \'85 I\'92m scared.\'92\
\
Go was in the kitchen smoking a cigarette when we arrived, and judging from the overflow in the kitschy \'9270s ashtray, she was on her second pack. An awkward, shoulderless kid with a crew cut and a police officer\'92s uniform sat next to her on one of the bar stools.\
\
\'91This is Tyler,\'92 she said. \'91He grew up in Tennessee, he has a horse named Custard\'97\'92\
\
\'91Custer,\'92 Tyler said.\
\
\'91Custer, and he\'92s allergic to peanuts. Not the horse but Tyler. Oh, and he has a torn labrum, which is the same injury baseball pitchers get, but he\'92s not sure how he got it.\'92 She took a drag on the cigarette. Her eyes watered. \'91He\'92s been here a long time.\'92\
\
Tyler tried to give me a tough look, ended up watching his well-shined shoes.\
\
Boney appeared through the sliding glass doors at the back of the house. \'91Big day, boys,\'92 she said. \'91Wish you\'92d bothered letting us know, Nick, that you have a girlfriend. Would have saved us all a lot of time.\'92\
\
\'91We\'92re happy to discuss that, as well as the contents of the shed, both of which we were on our way to tell you about,\'92 Tanner said. \'91Frankly, if you had given us the courtesy of telling us about Andie, a lot of pain could have been forestalled. But you needed the press conference, you had to have the publicity. How disgusting, to put that girl up there like that.\'92\
\
\'91Right,\'92 Boney said. \'91So, the woodshed. You all want to come with me?\'92 She turned her back on us, leading the way over the patchy end-of-summer grass to the woodshed. A cobweb trailed from her hair like a wedding veil. She motioned impatiently when she saw me not following. \'91Come on,\'92 she said. \'91Not gonna bite you.\'92\
\
The woodshed was lit up by several portable lights, making it look even more ominous.\
\
\'91When\'92s the last time you been in here, Nick?\'92\
\
\'91I came in here very recently, when my wife\'92s treasure hunt led me here. But it\'92s not my stuff, and I did not touch anything\'97\'92\
\
Tanner cut me off: \'91My client and I have an explosive new theory\'97\'92 Tanner began, then caught himself. The phony TV-speak was so incredibly awful and inappropriate, we all cringed.\
\
\'91Oh, explosive, how exciting,\'92 Boney said.\
\
\'91We were about to inform you\'97\'92\
\
\'91Really? What convenient timing,\'92 she said. \'91Stay there, please.\'92 The door hung loose on its hinges, a broken lock dangling to the side. Gilpin was inside, cataloging the goods.\
\
\'91These the golf clubs you don\'92t play with?\'92 Gilpin said, jostling the glinting irons.\
\
\'91None of this is mine \'96 none of this was put there by me.\'92\
\
\'91That\'92s funny, because everything in here corresponds with purchases made on the credit cards that aren\'92t yours either,\'92 Boney snapped. \'91This is, like, what do they call it, a man cave? A man cave in the making, just waiting for the wife to go away for good. Got yourself some nice pastimes, Nick.\'92 She pulled out three large cardboard boxes and set them at my feet.\
\
\'91What\'92s this?\'92\
\
Boney opened them with fingertip disgust despite her gloved hands. Inside were dozens of porn DVDs, flesh of all colors and sizes on display on the covers.\
\
Gilpin chuckled. \'91I gotta hand it to you, Nick, I mean, a man has his needs\'97\'92\
\
\'91Men are highly visual, that\'92s what my ex always said when I caught him,\'92 Boney said.\
\
\'91Men are highly visual, but Nick, this shit made me blush,\'92 Gilpin said. \'91It made me a little sick, too, some of it, and I don\'92t get sick too easy.\'92 He spread out a few of the DVDs like an ugly deck of cards. Most of the titles implied violence: Brutal Anal, Brutal Blowjobs, Humiliated Whores, Sadistic Slut Fucking, Gang-raped Sluts, and a series called Hurt the Bitch, volumes 1\'9618, each featuring photos of women writhing in pain while leering, laughing men inserted objects into them.\
\
I turned away.\
\
\'91Oh, now he\'92s embarrassed.\'92 Gilpin grinned.\
\
But I didn\'92t respond because I saw Go being helped into the back of a police car.\
\
We met an hour later at the police station. Tanner advised against it \'96 I insisted. I appealed to his iconoclast, millionaire rodeo-cowboy ego. We were going to tell the cops the truth. It was time.\
\
I could handle them fucking with me \'96 but not my sister.\
\
\'91I\'92m agreeing to this because I think your arrest is inevitable, Nick, no matter what we do,\'92 he said. \'91If we let them know we\'92re up for talking, we may get some more information on the case they\'92ve got against you. Without a body, they\'92ll really want a confession. So they\'92ll try to overwhelm you with the evidence. And they may give us enough to really jumpstart our defense.\'92\
\
\'91And we give them everything, right?\'92 I said. \'91We give them the clues and the marionettes and Amy.\'92 I was panicked, aching to go \'96 I could picture the cops right now sweating my sister under a bare lightbulb.\
\
\'91As long as you let me talk,\'92 Tanner said. \'91If it\'92s me talking about the frame-up, they can\'92t use it against us at trial \'85 if we go with a different defense.\'92\
\
It concerned me that my lawyer found the truth to be so completely unbelievable.\
\
Gilpin met us at the steps of the station, a Coke in his hand, late dinner. When he turned around to lead us in, I saw a sweat-soaked back. The sun had long set, but the humidity remained. He flapped his arms once, and the shirt fluttered and stuck right back to his skin.\
\
\'91Still hot,\'92 he said. \'91Supposed to get hotter overnight.\'92\
\
Boney was waiting for us in the conference room, the one from the first night. The Night Of. She\'92d French-braided her limp hair and clipped it to the back of her head in a rather poignant updo, and she wore lipstick. I wondered if she had a date. A meet you after midnight situation.\
\
\'91You have kids?\'92 I asked her, pulling out a chair.\
\
She looked startled and held up a finger. \'91One.\'92 She didn\'92t say a name or an age or anything else. Boney was in business mode. She tried to wait us out.\
\
\'91You first,\'92 Tanner said. \'91Tell us what you got.\'92\
\
\'91Sure,\'92 Boney said. \'91Okay.\'92 She turned on the tape recorder, dispensed with the preliminaries. \'91It is your contention, Nick, that you never bought or touched the items in the woodshed on your sister\'92s property.\'92\
\
\'91That is correct,\'92 Tanner replied for me.\
\
\'91Nick, your fingerprints are all over almost every item in the shed.\'92\
\
\'91That\'92s a lie! I touched nothing, not a thing in there! Except for my anniversary present, which Amy left inside.\'92\
\
Tanner touched my arm: shut the fuck up.\
\
\'91Which we have brought here today,\'92 Tanner said.\
\
\'91Nick, your fingerprints are on the porn, on the golf clubs, on the watch cases, and even on the TV.\'92\
\
And then I saw it, how much Amy would have enjoyed this: my deep, self-satisfied sleep (which I lorded over her, my belief that if she were only more laid-back, more like me, her insomnia would vanish) turned against me. I could see it: Amy down on her knees, my snores heating her cheeks, as she pressed a fingertip here and there over the course of months. She could have slipped me a mickey for all I knew. I remember her peering at me one morning as I woke up, sleep-wax gumming my lips, and she said, \'91You sleep the sleep of the damned, you know. Or the drugged.\'92 I was both and didn\'92t know it.\
\
\'91Do you want to explain about the fingerprints?\'92 Gilpin said.\
\
\'91Tell us the rest,\'92 Tanner said.\
\
Boney set a biblically thick leather-covered binder on the table between us, charred all along the edges. \'91Recognize this?\'92\
\
I shrugged, shook my head.\
\
\'91It\'92s your wife\'92s diary.\'92\
\
\'91Um, no. Amy didn\'92t do diaries.\'92\
\
\'91Actually, Nick, she did. She did about seven years\'92 worth of diaries,\'92 Boney said.\
\
\'91Okay.\'92\
\
Something bad was about to happen. My wife was being clever again.\
\
\
\
\
\
}