{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 NICK DUNNE\
\
\
TEN DAYS GONE\
\
\
\
I made a mistake, feeling so cocky. Whatever the hell this diary was, it was going to ruin me. I could already see the cover of the true-crime novel: the black-and-white photo of us on our wedding day, the blood-red background, the jacket copy: including sixteen pages of never-seen photos and Amy Elliott Dunne\'92s actual diary entries \'96 a voice from beyond the grave \'85 I\'92d found it strange and kind of cute, Amy\'92s guilty pleasures, those cheesy true-crime books I\'92d discovered here and there around our house. I thought maybe she was loosening up, allowing herself some beach reading.\
\
Nope. She was just studying.\
\
Gilpin pulled over a chair, sat on it backward, and leaned toward me on crossed arms \'96 his movie-cop look. It was almost midnight; it felt later.\
\
\'91Tell us about your wife\'92s illness these past few months,\'92 he said.\
\
\'91Illness? Amy never got sick. Once a year she\'92d get a cold, maybe.\'92\
\
Boney picked up the book, turned to a marked page. \'91Last month you made Amy and yourself some drinks, sat on your back porch. She writes here that the drinks were impossibly sweet and describes what she thinks is an allergic reaction: My heart was racing, my tongue was slabbed, stuck to the bottom of my mouth. My legs turned to meat as Nick walked me up the stairs.\'92 She put a finger down to hold her place in the diary, looked up as if I might not be paying attention. \'91When she woke the next morning: My head ached and my stomach was oily, but weirder, my fingernails were light blue, and when I looked in the mirror, so were my lips. I didn\'92t pee for two days after. I felt so weak.\'92\
\
I shook my head in disgust. I\'92d become attached to Boney; I expected better of her.\
\
\'91Is this your wife\'92s handwriting?\'92 Boney tilted the book toward me, and I saw deep black ink and Amy\'92s cursive, jagged as a fever chart.\
\
\'91Yes, I think so.\'92\
\
\'91So does our handwriting expert.\'92\
\
Boney said the words with a certain pride, and I realized: This was the first case these two had ever had that required outside experts, that demanded they get in touch with professionals who did exotic things like analyze handwriting.\
\
\'91You know what else we learned, Nick, when we showed this entry to our medical expert?\'92\
\
\'91Poisoning,\'92 I blurted. Tanner frowned at me: steady.\
\
Boney stuttered for a second; this was not information I was supposed to provide.\
\
\'91Yeah, Nick, thank you: antifreeze poisoning,\'92 she said. \'91Textbook. She\'92s lucky she survived.\'92\
\
\'91She didn\'92t survive, because that never happened,\'92 I said. \'91Like you said, it\'92s textbook \'96 it\'92s made up from an Internet search.\'92\
\
Boney frowned but refused to bite. \'91The diary isn\'92t a pretty picture of you, Nick,\'92 she continued, one finger tracing her braid. \'91Abuse \'96 you pushed her around. Stress \'96 you were quick to anger. Sexual relations that bordered on rape. She was very frightened of you at the end there. It\'92s painful to read. That gun we were wondering about, she says she wanted it because she was afraid of you. Here\'92s her last entry: This man might kill me. This man might kill me, in her own words.\'92\
\
My throat clenched. I felt like I might throw up. Fear, mostly, and then a surge of rage. Fucking bitch, fucking bitch, cunt, cunt, cunt.\
\
\'91What a smart, convenient note for her to end on,\'92 I said. Tanner put a hand on mine to hush me.\
\
\'91You look like you want to kill her again, right now,\'92 Boney said.\
\
\'91You\'92ve done nothing but lie to us, Nick,\'92 Gilpin said. \'91You say you were at the beach that morning. Everyone we talk to says you hate the beach. You say you have no idea what all these purchases are on your maxed-out credit cards. Now we have a shed full of exactly those items, and they have your fingerprints all over them. We have a wife suffering from what sounds like antifreeze poisoning weeks before she disappears. I mean, come on.\'92 He paused for effect.\
\
\'91Anything else of note?\'92 Tanner asked.\
\
\'91We can place you in Hannibal, where your wife\'92s purse shows up a few days later,\'92 Boney said. \'91We have a neighbor who overheard you two arguing the night before. A pregnancy you didn\'92t want. A bar borrowed on your wife\'92s money that would revert to her in case of a divorce. And of course, of course: a secret girlfriend of more than a year.\'92\
\
\'91We can help you right now, Nick,\'92 Gilpin said. \'91Once we arrest you, we can\'92t.\'92\
\
\'91Where did you find the diary? At Nick\'92s father\'92s house?\'92 Tanner asked.\
\
\'91Yes,\'92 Boney said.\
\
Tanner nodded to me: That\'92s what we didn\'92t find. \'91Let me guess: anonymous tip.\'92\
\
Neither cop said a thing.\
\
\'91Can I ask where in the house you found it?\'92 I asked.\
\
\'91In the furnace. I know you thought you burned it. It caught fire, but the pilot light was too weak; it got smothered. So only the outer edges burned,\'92 Gilpin said. \'91Extremely good luck for us.\'92\
\
The furnace \'96 another inside joke from Amy! She\'92d always proclaimed amazement at how little I understood the things men are supposed to understand. During our search, I\'92d even glanced at my dad\'92s old furnace, with its pipes and wires and spigots, and backed away, intimidated.\
\
\'91It wasn\'92t luck. You were meant to find it,\'92 I said.\
\
Boney let the left side of her mouth slide into a smile. She leaned back and waited, relaxed as the star of an iced-tea commercial. I gave Tanner an angry nod: Go ahead.\
\
\'91Amy Elliott Dunne is alive, and she is framing Nick Dunne for her murder,\'92 he said. I clasped my hands and sat up straight, tried to do anything that would lend me an air of reason. Boney stared at me. I needed a pipe, eyeglasses I could swiftly remove for effect, a set of encyclopedias at my elbow. I felt giddy. Do not laugh.\
\
Boney frowned. \'91What\'92s that again?\'92\
\
\'91Amy is alive and very well, and she is framing Nick,\'92 my proxy repeated.\
\
They exchanged a look, hunched over the table: Can you believe this guy?\
\
\'91Why would she do that?\'92 Gilpin asked, rubbing his eyes.\
\
\'91Because she hates him. Obviously. He was a shitty husband.\'92\
\
Boney looked down at the floor, let out a breath. \'91I\'92d certainly agree with you there.\'92\
\
At the same time, Gilpin said: \'91Oh, for Christ\'92s sake.\'92\
\
\'91Is she crazy, Nick?\'92 Boney said, leaning in. \'91What you\'92re talking about, it\'92s crazy. You hear me? It would have taken, what, six months, a year, to set all this up. She would have had to hate you, to wish you harm \'96 ultimate, serious, horrific harm \'96 for a year. Do you know how hard it is to sustain that kind of hatred for that long?\'92\
\
She could do it. Amy could do it.\
\
\'91Why not just divorce your ass?\'92 Boney snapped.\
\
\'91That wouldn\'92t appeal to her \'85 sense of justice,\'92 I replied. Tanner gave me another look.\
\
\'91Jesus Christ, Nick, aren\'92t you tired of all this?\'92 Gilpin said. \'91We have it in your wife\'92s own words: I think he may kill me.\'92\
\
Someone had told them at some point: Use the suspect\'92s name a lot, it will make him feel comfortable, known. Same idea as in sales.\
\
\'91You been in your dad\'92s house lately, Nick?\'92 Boney asked. \'91Like on July ninth?\'92\
\
Fuck. That\'92s why Amy changed the alarm code. I battled a new wave of disgust at myself: that my wife played me twice. Not only did she dupe me into believing she still loved me, she actually forced me to implicate myself. Wicked, wicked girl. I almost laughed. Good Lord, I hated her, but you had to admire the bitch.\
\
Tanner began: \'91Amy used her clues to force my client to go to these various venues, where she\'92d left evidence \'96 Hannibal, his father\'92s house \'96 so he\'92d incriminate himself. My client and I have brought these clues with us. As a courtesy.\'92\
\
He pulled out the clues and the love notes, fanned them in front of the cops like a card trick. I sweated while they read them, willing them to look up and tell me all was clear now.\
\
\'91Okay. You say Amy hated you so much that she spent months framing you for her murder?\'92 Boney asked, in the quiet, measured voice of a disappointed parent.\
\
I gave her a blank face.\
\
\'91This does not sound like an angry woman, Nick,\'92 she said. \'91She\'92s falling all over herself to apologize to you, to suggest that you both start again, to let you know how much she loves you: You are warm \'96 you are my sun. You are brilliant, you are witty.\'92\
\
\'91Oh, for fuck\'92s sake.\'92\
\
\'91Once again, Nick, an incredibly strange reaction for an innocent man,\'92 Boney said. \'91Here we are, reading sweet words, maybe your wife\'92s last words to you, and you actually look angry. I still remember that very first night: Amy\'92s missing, you come in here, we park you in this very room for forty-five minutes, and you look bored. We watched you on surveillance, you practically fell asleep.\'92\
\
\'91That has nothing to do with anything\'97\'92 Tanner started.\
\
\'91I was trying to stay calm.\'92\
\
\'91You looked very, very calm,\'92 Boney said. \'91All along, you\'92ve acted \'85 inappropriately. Unemotional, flippant.\'92\
\
\'91That\'92s just how I am, don\'92t you see? I\'92m stoic. To a fault. Amy knows this \'85 She complained about it all the time. That I wasn\'92t sympathetic enough, that I retreated into myself, that I couldn\'92t handle difficult emotions \'96 sadness, guilt. She knew I\'92d look suspicious as hell. Jesus fucking Christ! Talk to Hilary Handy, will you? Talk to Tommy O\'92Hara. I talked to them! They\'92ll tell you what she\'92s like.\'92\
\
\'91We have talked to them,\'92 Gilpin said.\
\
\'91And?\'92\
\
\'91Hilary Handy has made two suicide attempts in the years since high school. Tommy O\'92Hara has been in rehab twice.\'92\
\
\'91Probably because of Amy.\'92\
\
\'91Or because they\'92re deeply unstable, guilt-ridden human beings,\'92 Boney said. \'91Let\'92s go back to the treasure hunt.\'92\
\
Gilpin read aloud Clue 2 in a deliberate monotone.\
\
You took me here so I could hear you chat\
\
About your boyhood adventures: crummy jeans and visor hat\
\
Screw everyone else, for us they\'92re all ditched\
\
And let\'92s sneak a kiss \'85 pretend we just got hitched.\
\
\'91You say this was written to force you to go to Hannibal?\'92 Boney said.\
\
I nodded.\
\
\'91It doesn\'92t say Hannibal anywhere here,\'92 she said. \'91It doesn\'92t even imply it.\'92\
\
\'91The visor hat, that\'92s an old inside joke between us about\'97\'92\
\
\'91Oh, an inside joke,\'92 Gilpin said.\
\
\'91What about the next clue, the little brown house?\'92 Boney asked.\
\
\'91To go to my dad\'92s,\'92 I said.\
\
Boney\'92s face grew stern again. \'91Nick, your dad\'92s house is blue.\'92 She turned to Tanner with rolling eyes: This is what you\'92re giving me?\
\
\'91It sounds to me like you\'92re making up \'93inside jokes\'94 in these clues,\'92 Boney said. \'91I mean, you want to talk about convenient: We find out you\'92ve been to Hannibal, whaddaya know, this clue secretly means go to Hannibal.\'92\
\
\'91The final present here,\'92 Tanner said, pulling the box onto the table, \'91is a not-so-subtle hint. Punch and Judy dolls. As you know, I\'92m sure, Punch kills Judy and her baby. This was discovered by my client. We wanted to make sure you have it.\'92\
\
Boney pulled the box over, put on latex gloves, and lifted the puppets out. \'91Heavy,\'92 she said, \'91solid.\'92 She examined the lace of the woman\'92s dress, the male\'92s motley. She picked up the male, examined the thick wooden handle with the finger grooves.\
\
She froze, frowning, the male puppet in her hands. Then she turned the female upside down so the skirt flew up.\
\
\'91No handle for this one.\'92 She turned to me. \'91Did there used to be a handle?\'92\
\
\'91How should I know?\'92\
\
\'91A handle like a two-by-four, very thick and heavy, with built-in grooves to get a really good grip?\'92 she snapped. \'91A handle like a goddamn club?\'92\
\
She stared at me and I could tell what she was thinking: You are a gameplayer. You are a sociopath. You are a killer.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}