{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 NICK DUNNE\
\
\
FOURTEEN DAYS GONE\
\
\
\
I woke up on my sister\'92s couch with a raging hangover and an urge to kill my wife. This was fairly common in the days after the Diary Interview with the police. I\'92d imagine finding Amy tucked away in some spa on the West Coast, sipping pineapple juice on a divan, her cares floating way, far away, above a perfect blue sky, and me, dirty, smelly from an urgent cross-country drive, standing in front of her, blocking the sun until she looks up, and then my hands around her perfect throat, with its cords and hollows and the pulse thumping first urgently and then slowly as we look into each other\'92s eyes and at last have some understanding.\
\
I was going to be arrested. If not today, tomorrow; if not tomorrow, the next day. I had taken the fact that they let me walk out of the station as a good sign, but Tanner had shut me down: \'91Without a body, a conviction is incredibly tough. They\'92re just dotting the I\'92s, crossing the T\'92s. Spend these days doing whatever you need to do, because once the arrest happens, we\'92ll be busy.\'92\
\
Just outside the window, I could hear the rumbling of camera crews \'96 men greeting each other good morning, as if they were clocking in at the factory. Cameras click-click-clicked like restless locusts, shooting the front of Go\'92s house. Someone had leaked the discovery of my \'91man cave\'92 of goods on my sister\'92s property, my imminent arrest. Neither of us had dared to so much as flick at a curtain.\
\
Go walked into the room in flannel boxers and her high school Butthole Surfers T-shirt, her laptop in the crook of an arm. \'91Every one hates you again,\'92 she said.\
\
\'91Fickle fucks.\'92\
\
\'91Last night someone leaked the information about the shed, about Amy\'92s purse and the diary. Now it\'92s all: Nick Is a Liar, Nick Is a Killer, Nick Is a Lying Killer. Sharon Schieber just released a statement saying she was very shocked and disappointed with the direction the case was taking. Oh, and everyone knows all about the porn \'96 Kill the Bitches.\'92\
\
\'91Hurt the Bitch.\'92\
\
\'91Oh, excuse me,\'92 she said. \'91Hurt the Bitch. So Nick Is a Lying Killer-slash-Sexual Sadist. Ellen Abbott is going to go fucking rabid. She\'92s crazy anti-porn lady.\'92\
\
\'91Of course she is,\'92 I said. \'91I\'92m sure Amy is very aware of that.\'92\
\
\'91Nick?\'92 she said in her wake up voice. \'91This is bad.\'92\
\
\'91Go, it doesn\'92t matter what anyone else thinks, we need to remember that,\'92 I said. \'91What matters right now is what Amy is thinking. If she\'92s softening toward me.\'92\
\
\'91Nick. You really think she can go that fast from hating you so much to falling in love with you again?\'92\
\
It was the fifth anniversary of our conversation on this topic.\
\
\'91Go, yeah, I do. Amy was never a person with any sort of bullshit detector. If you said she looked beautiful, she knew that was a fact. If you said she was brilliant, it wasn\'92t flattery, it was her due. So yeah, I think a good chunk of her truly believes that if I can only see the error of my ways, of course I\'92ll be in love with her again. Because why in God\'92s name wouldn\'92t I be?\'92\
\
\'91And if it turns out she\'92s developed a bullshit detector?\'92\
\
\'91You know Amy; she needs to win. She\'92s less pissed off that I cheated than that I picked someone else over her. She\'92ll want me back just to prove that she\'92s the winner. Don\'92t you agree? Just seeing me begging her to come back so I can worship her properly, it will be hard for her to resist. Don\'92t you think?\'92\
\
\'91I think it\'92s a decent idea,\'92 she said in the way you might wish someone good luck on the lottery.\
\
\'91Hey, if you\'92ve got something better, by all fucking means.\'92\
\
We snapped like that at each other now. We\'92d never done that before. After the police found the woodshed, they grilled Go, hard, just as Tanner had predicted: Did she know? Did she help?\
\
I\'92d expected her to come home that night, brimming with curse words and fury, but all I got was an embarrassed smile as she slipped past me to her room in the house she had double-mortgaged to cover Tanner\'92s retainer.\
\
I had put my sister in financial and legal jeopardy because of my shitty decisions. The whole situation made Go feel resentful and me ashamed, a lethal combination for two people trapped in small confines.\
\
I tried a different subject: \'91I\'92ve been thinking about phoning Andie now that\'97\'92\
\
\'91Yeah, that would be genius-smart, Nick. Then she can go back on Ellen Abbott\'97\'92\
\
\'91She didn\'92t go on Ellen Abbott. She had a press conference that Ellen Abbott carried. She\'92s not evil, Go.\'92\
\
\'91She gave the press conference because she was pissed at you. I sorta wish you\'92d just kept fucking her.\'92\
\
\'91Nice.\'92\
\
\'91What would you even say to her?\'92\
\
\'91I\'92m sorry.\'92\
\
\'91You are definitely fucking sorry,\'92 she muttered.\
\
\'91I just \'96 I hate how it ended.\'92\
\
\'91The last time you saw Andie, she bit you,\'92 Go said in an overly patient voice. \'91I don\'92t think the two of you have anything else to say. You are the prime suspect in a murder investigation. You have forfeited the right to a smooth breakup. For fuck\'92s sake, Nick.\'92\
\
We were growing sick of each other, something I never thought could happen. It was more than basic stress, more than the danger I\'92d deposited on Go\'92s doorstep. Those ten seconds just a week ago, when I\'92d opened the door of the woodshed, expecting Go to read my mind as always, and what Go had read was that I\'92d killed my wife: I couldn\'92t get over that, and neither could she. I caught her looking at me now and then with the same steeled chill with which she looked at our father: just another shitty male taking up space. I\'92m sure I looked at her through our father\'92s miserable eyes sometimes: just another petty woman resenting me.\
\
I let out a gust of air, stood up, and squeezed her hand, and she squeezed back.\
\
\'91I think I should head home,\'92 I said. I felt a wave of nausea. \'91I can\'92t stand this anymore. Waiting to be arrested, I can\'92t stand it.\'92\
\
Before she could stop me, I grabbed my keys, swung open the door, and the cameras began blasting, the shouts exploded from a crowd that was even larger than I\'92d feared: Hey, Nick, did you kill your wife? Hey, Margo, did you help your brother hide evidence?\
\
\'91Fucking shitbags,\'92 Go spat. She stood next to me in solidarity, in her Butthole Surfers T-shirt and boxers. A few protesters carried signs. A woman with stringy blond hair and sunglasses shook a poster board: Nick, where is AMY?\
\
The shouts got louder, frantic, baiting my sister: Margo, is your brother a wife killer? Did Nick kill his wife and baby? Margo, are you a suspect? Did Nick kill his wife? Did Nick kill his baby?\
\
I stood, trying to hold my ground, refusing to let myself step back into the house. Suddenly, Go was crouching behind me, cranking the spigot near the steps. She turned on the hose full-bore \'96 a hard, steady jet \'96 and blasted all those cameramen and protesters and pretty journalists in their TV-ready suits, sprayed them like animals.\
\
She was giving me covering fire. I shot into my car and tore off, leaving them dripping on the front lawn, Go laughing shrilly.\
\
It took ten minutes for me to nudge my car from my driveway into my garage, inching my way slowly, slowly forward, parting the angry ocean of human beings \'96 there were at least twenty protesters in front of my home, in addition to the camera crews. My neighbor Jan Teverer was one of them. She and I made eye contact, and she aimed her poster at me: WHERE IS AMY, NICK?\
\
Finally, I was inside, and the garage door came buzzing down. I sat in the heat of the concrete space, breathing.\
\
Everywhere felt like a jail now \'96 doors opening and closing and opening and closing, and me never feeling safe.\
\
I spent the rest of my day picturing how I\'92d kill Amy. It was all I could think of: finding a way to end her. Me smashing in Amy\'92s busy, busy brain. I had to give Amy her due: I may have been dozing the past few years, but I was fucking wide awake now. I was electric again, like I had been in the early days of our marriage.\
\
I wanted to do something, make something happen, but there was nothing to be done. By late evening, the camera crews were all gone, though I couldn\'92t risk leaving the house. I wanted to walk. I settled for pacing. I was wired dangerously tight.\
\
Andie had screwed me over, Marybeth had turned against me, Go had lost a crucial measure of faith. Boney had trapped me. Amy had destroyed me. I poured a drink. I took a slug, tightened my fingers around the curves of the tumbler, then hurled it at the wall, watched the glass burst into fireworks, heard the tremendous shatter, smelled the cloud of bourbon. Rage in all five senses. Those fucking bitches.\
\
I\'92d tried all my life to be a decent guy, a man who loved and respected women, a guy without hang-ups. And here I was, thinking nasty thoughts about my twin, about my mother-in-law, about my mistress. I was imagining bashing in my wife\'92s skull.\
\
A knock came at the door, a loud, furious bang-bang-bang that rattled me out of my nightmare brain.\
\
I opened the door, flung it wide, greeting fury with fury.\
\
It was my father, standing on my doorstep like some awful specter summoned by my hatefulness. He was breathing heavily and sweating. His shirtsleeve was torn and his hair was wild, but his eyes had their usual dark alertness that made him seem viciously sane.\
\
\'91Is she here?\'92 he snapped.\
\
\'91Who, Dad, who are you looking for?\'92\
\
\'91You know who.\'92 He pushed past me, started marching through the living room, trailing mud, his hands balled, his gravity far forward, forcing him to keep walking or fall down, muttering bitchbitchbitch. He smelled of mint. Real mint, not manufactured, and I saw a smear of green on his trousers, as if he\'92d been stomping through someone\'92s garden.\
\
Little bitch that little bitch, he kept muttering. Through the dining room, into the kitchen, flipping on lights. A waterbug scuttled up the wall.\
\
I followed him, trying to get him to calm down, Dad, Dad, why don\'92t you sit down, Dad, do you want a glass of water, Dad \'85 He stomped downstairs, clumps of mud falling off his shoes. My hands turtled into fists. Of course this bastard would show up and actually make things worse.\
\
\'91Dad! Goddammit, Dad! No one is here but me. Just me.\'92 He flung open the guest room door, then went back up to the living room, ignoring me \'96 \'91Dad!\'92\
\
I didn\'92t want to touch him. I was afraid I\'92d hit him. I was afraid I\'92d cry.\
\
I blocked him as he tried to go upstairs to the bedroom. I placed one hand on the wall, one on the banister \'96 human barricade. \'91Dad! Look at me.\'92\
\
His words came out in a furious spittle.\
\
\'91You tell her, you tell that little ugly bitch it\'92s not over. She\'92s not better than me, you tell her. She\'92s not too good for me. She doesn\'92t get to have a say. That ugly bitch will have to learn\'97\'92\
\
I swear I saw a blank whiteness for just a second, a moment of complete, jarring clarity. I stopped trying to block my father\'92s voice for once and let it throb in my ears. I was not that man: I didn\'92t hate and fear all women. I was a one-woman misogynist. If I despised only Amy, focused all my fury and rage and venom on the one woman who deserved it, that didn\'92t make me my father. That made me sane.\
\
Little bitch little bitch little bitch.\
\
I had never hated my father more for making me truly love those words.\
\
Fucking bitch fucking bitch.\
\
I grabbed him by the arm, hard, and herded him into the car, slammed the door. He repeated the incantation all the way to Comfort Hill. I pulled up to the home in the entry reserved for ambulances, and I went to his side, swung open the door, yanked him out by the arm, and walked him just inside the doors.\
\
Then I turned my back and went home.\
\
Fucking bitch fucking bitch.\
\
But there was nothing I could do except beg. My bitch wife had left me with nothing but my sorry dick in my hand, begging her to come home. Print, online, TV, wherever, all I could do was hope my wife saw me playing good husband, saying the words she wanted me to say: capitulation, complete. You are right and I am wrong, always. Come home to me (you fucking cunt). Come home so I can kill you.\
\
\
\
\
}