{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 NICK DUNNE\
\
\
THE NIGHT OF THE RETURN\
\
\
\
I went to the station to fetch my wife and was greeted by the press like a rock star \'96 landslide president \'96 first moonwalker all in one. I had to resist raising clasped hands above my head in the universal victory shake. I see, I thought, we\'92re all pretending to be friends now.\
\
I entered a scene that felt like a holiday party gone awry \'96 a few bottles of champagne rested on one desk, surrounded by tiny paper cups. Backslapping and cheers for all the cops, and then more cheers for me, as if these people hadn\'92t been my persecutors a day before. But I had to play along. Present the back for slapping. Oh yes, we\'92re all buddies now.\
\
All that matters is that Amy is safe. I\'92d been practicing that line over and over. I had to look like the relieved, doting husband until I knew which way things were going to go. Until I was sure the police had sawed through all her sticky cobwebby lies. Until she is arrested \'96 I\'92d get that far, until she is arrested, and then I could feel my brain expand and deflate simultaneously \'96 my own cerebral Hitchcock zoom \'96 and I\'92d think: My wife murdered a man.\
\
\'91Stabbed him,\'92 said the young police officer assigned as the family liaison. (I hoped never to be liaisoned again, with anyone, for any reason.) He was the same kid who\'92d yammered on to Go about his horse and torn labrum and peanut allergy. \'91Cut him right through the jugular. Cut like that, he bleeds out in, like, sixty seconds.\'92\
\
Sixty seconds is a long time to know you are dying. I could picture Desi wrapping his hands around his neck, the feel of his own blood spurting between his fingers with each pulse, and Desi getting more frightened and the pulsing only quickening \'85 and then slowing, and Desi knowing the slowing was worse. And all the time Amy standing just out of reach, studying him with the blameful, disgusted look of a high school biology student confronted with a dripping pig fetus. Her little scalpel still in hand.\
\
\'91Cut him with a big ole butcher knife,\'92 the kid was saying. \'91Guy used to sit right next to her on the bed, cut up her meat for her, and feed her.\'92 He sounded more disgusted by this than by the stabbing. \'91One day the knife slips off the plate, he never notices\'97\'92\
\
\'91How\'92d she use the knife if she was always tied up?\'92 I asked.\
\
The kid looked at me as if I\'92d just told a joke about his mother. \'91I don\'92t know, Mr Dunne, I\'92m sure they\'92re getting the details right now. The point is, your wife is safe.\'92\
\
Hurray. Kid stole my line.\
\
I spotted Rand and Marybeth through the doorway of the room where we\'92d given our first press conference six weeks ago. They were leaning in to each other, as always, Rand kissing the top of Marybeth\'92s head, Marybeth nuzzling him back, and I felt such a keen sense of outrage that I almost threw a stapler at them. You two worshipful, adoring assholes created that thing down the hall and set her loose on the world. Lo, how jolly, what a perfect monster! And do they get punished? No, not a single person had come forth to question their characters; they\'92d experienced nothing but an outpouring of love and support, and Amy would be restored to them and everyone would love her more.\
\
My wife was an insatiable sociopath before. What would she become now?\
\
Step carefully, Nick, step very carefully.\
\
Rand caught my eye and motioned me to join them. He shook my hand for a few exclusive reporters who\'92d been granted an audience. Marybeth held her ground: I was still the man who\'92d cheated on her daughter. She gave a curt nod and turned away.\
\
Rand leaned in close to me so I could smell his spearmint gum. \'91I tell you, Nick, we are so relieved to have Amy back. We owe you an apology too. Big one. We\'92ll let Amy decide how she feels about your marriage, but I want to at least apologize for where things went. You\'92ve got to understand\'97\'92\
\
\'91I do,\'92 I said. \'91I understand everything.\'92\
\
Before Rand could apologize or engage further, Tanner and Betsy arrived together, looking like a Vogue spread \'96 crisp slacks and jewel-toned shirts and gleaming gold watches and rings \'96 and Tanner leaned toward my ear and whispered, Let me see where we are, and then Go was rushing in, all alarmed eyes and questions: What does this mean? What happened to Desi? She just showed up on your doorstep? What does this mean? Are you okay? What happens next?\
\
It was a bizarre gathering \'96 the feel of it: not quite reunion, not quite hospital waiting room, celebratory yet anxious, like some parlor game where no one had all the rules. Meanwhile, the two reporters the Elliotts had allowed into the inner sanctum kept snapping questions at me: How great does it feel to have Amy back? How wonderful do you feel right now? How relieved are you, Nick, that Amy has returned?\
\
I\'92m extremely relieved and very happy, I was saying, crafting my own bland PR statement, when the doors parted and Jacqueline Collings entered, her lips a tight red scar, her face powder lined with tears.\
\
\'91Where is she?\'92 she said to me. \'91The lying little bitch, where is she? She killed my son. My son.\'92 She began crying as the reporter snapped a few photos.\
\
How do you feel that your son was accused of kidnap and rape? one reporter asked in a stiff voice.\
\
\'91How do I feel?\'92 she snapped. \'91Are you actually serious? Do people really answer questions like that? That nasty, soulless girl manipulated my son his entire life \'96 write this down \'96 she manipulated and lied and finally murdered him, and now, even after he\'92s dead, she\'92s still using him\'97\'92\
\
\'91Ms Collings, we\'92re Amy\'92s parents,\'92 Marybeth was beginning. She tried to touch Jacqueline on the shoulder, and Jacqueline shook her off. \'91I am sorry for your pain.\'92\
\
\'91But not my loss.\'92 Jacqueline stood a good head taller than Marybeth; she glared down on her. \'91But not my loss,\'92 she reasserted.\
\
\'91I\'92m sorry about \'85 everything,\'92 Marybeth said, and then Rand was next to her, a head taller than Jacqueline.\
\
\'91What are you going to do about your daughter?\'92 Jacqueline asked. She turned toward our young liaison officer, who tried to hold his ground. \'91What is being done about Amy? Because she is lying when she says my son kidnapped her. She is lying. She killed him, she murdered him in his sleep, and no one seems to be taking this seriously.\'92\
\
\'91It\'92s all being taken very, very seriously, ma\'92am,\'92 the young kid said.\
\
\'91Can I get a quote, Ms Collings?\'92 asked the reporter.\
\
\'91I just gave you my quote. Amy Elliott Dunne murdered my son. It was not self-defense. She murdered him.\'92\
\
\'91Do you have proof of that?\'92\
\
Of course she didn\'92t.\
\
The reporter\'92s story would chronicle my husbandly exhaustion (his drawn face telling of too many nights forfeited to fear) and the Elliotts\'92 relief (the two parents cling to each other as they wait for their only child to be officially returned to them). It would discuss the incompetence of the cops (it was a biased case, full of dead ends and wrong turns, with the police department focused doggedly on the wrong man). The article would dismiss Jacqueline Collings in a single line: After an awkward run-in with the Elliott parents, an embittered Jacqueline Collings was ushered out of the room, claiming her son was innocent.\
\
Jacqueline was indeed ushered out of the room into another, where her statement would be recorded and she would be kept out of the way of the much better story: the Triumphant Return of Amazing Amy.\
\
When Amy was released to us, it all began again. The photos and the tears, the hugging and the laughter, all for strangers who wanted to see and to know: What was it like? Amy, what does it feel like to escape your captor and return to your husband? Nick, what does it feel like to get your wife back, to get your freedom back, all at once?\
\
I remained mostly silent. I was thinking my own questions, the same questions I\'92d thought for years, the ominous refrain of our marriage: What are you thinking, Amy? How are you feeling? Who are you? What have we done to each other? What will we do?\
\
It was a gracious, queenly act for Amy to want to come home to our marriage bed with her cheating husband. Everyone agreed. The media followed us as if we were a royal wedding procession, the two of us whizzing through the neon, fast-food-cluttered streets of Carthage to our McMansion on the river. What grace Amy has, what moxie. A storybook princess. And I, of course, was the lickspittle hunchback of a husband who would bow and scrape the rest of my days. Until she was arrested. If she ever got arrested.\
\
That she was released at all was a concern. More than a concern, an utter shock. I saw them all filing out of the conference room where they questioned her for four hours and then let her go: two FBI guys with alarmingly short hair and blank faces; Gilpin, looking like he\'92d swallowed the greatest steak dinner of his life; and Boney, the only one with thin, tight lips and a little V of a frown. She glanced at me as she walked past, arched an eyebrow, and was gone.\
\
Then, too quickly, Amy and I were back in our home, alone in the living room, Bleecker watching us with shiny eyes. Outside our curtains, the lights of the TV cameras remained, bathing our living room in a bizarrely lush orange glow. We looked candlelit, romantic. Amy was absolutely beautiful. I hated her. I was afraid of her.\
\
\'91We can\'92t really sleep in the same house\'97\'92 I began.\
\
\'91I want to stay here with you.\'92 She took my hand. \'91I want to be with my husband. I want to give you the chance to be the kind of husband you want to be. I forgive you.\'92\
\
\'91You forgive me? Amy, why did you come back? Because of what I said in the interviews? The videos?\'92\
\
\'91Wasn\'92t that what you wanted?\'92 she said. \'91Wasn\'92t that the point of the videos? They were perfect \'96 they reminded me of what we used to have, how special it was.\'92\
\
\'91What I said, that was just me saying what you wanted to hear.\'92\
\
\'91I know \'96 that\'92s how well you know me!\'92 Amy said. She beamed. Bleecker began figure-eighting between her legs. She picked him up and stroked him. His purr was deafening. \'91Think about it, Nick, we know each other. Better than anyone in the world now.\'92\
\
It was true that I\'92d had this feeling too, in the past month, when I wasn\'92t wishing Amy harm. It would come to me at strange moments \'96 in the middle of the night, up to take a piss, or in the morning pouring a bowl of cereal \'96 I\'92d detect a nib of admiration, and more than that, fondness for my wife, right in the middle of me, right in the gut. To know exactly what I wanted to hear in those notes, to woo me back to her, even to predict all my wrong moves \'85 the woman knew me cold. Better than anyone in the world, she knew me. All this time I\'92d thought we were strangers, and it turned out we knew each other intuitively, in our bones, in our blood.\
\
It was kind of romantic. Catastrophically romantic.\
\
\'91We can\'92t just pick up where we were, Amy.\'92\
\
\'91No, not where we were,\'92 she said. \'91Where we are now. Where you love me and you\'92ll never do wrong again.\'92\
\
\'91You\'92re crazy, you\'92re literally crazy if you think I\'92m going to stay. You killed a man,\'92 I said. I turned my back to her, and then I pictured her with a knife in her hand and her mouth growing tight as I disobeyed her. I turned back around. Yes, my wife must always be faced.\
\
\'91To escape him.\'92\
\
\'91You killed Desi so you had a new story, so you could come back and be beloved Amy and not ever have to take the blame for what you did. Don\'92t you get it, Amy, the irony? It\'92s what you always hated about me \'96 that I never dealt with the consequences of my actions, right? Well, my ass has been well and duly consequenced. So what about you? You murdered a man, a man I assume loved you and was helping you, and now you want me to step in his place and love you and help you, and \'85 I can\'92t. I cannot do it. I won\'92t do it.\'92\
\
\'91Nick, I think you\'92ve gotten some bad information,\'92 she said. \'91It doesn\'92t surprise me, all the rumors that are going about. But we need to forget all that. If we are to go forward. And we will go forward. All of America wants us to go forward. It\'92s the story the world needs right now. Us. Desi\'92s the bad guy. No one wants two bad guys. They want to like you, Nick. The only way you can be loved again is to stay with me. It\'92s the only way.\'92\
\
\'91Tell me what happened, Amy. Was Desi helping you all along?\'92\
\
She flared at that: She didn\'92t need a man\'92s help, even though she clearly had needed a man\'92s help. \'91Of course not!\'92 she snapped.\
\
\'91Tell me. What can it hurt, tell me everything, because you and I can\'92t go forward with this pretend story. I\'92ll fight you every step of the way. I know you\'92ve thought of everything. I\'92m not trying to get you to slip up \'96 I\'92m tired of trying to outthink you, I don\'92t have it in me. I just want to know what happened. I was a step away from death row, Amy. You came back and saved me, and I thank you for that \'96 do you hear me? I thank you, so don\'92t say I didn\'92t later on. I thank you. But I need to know. You know I need to know.\'92\
\
\'91Take off your clothes,\'92 she said.\
\
She wanted to make sure I wasn\'92t wearing a wire. I undressed in front of her, removed every stitch, and then she surveyed me, ran a hand across my chin and my chest, down my back. She palmed my ass and slipped her hand between my legs, cupped my testicles and gripped my limp cock, held it in her hand for a moment to see if anything happened. Nothing happened.\
\
\'91You\'92re clean,\'92 she said. It was meant as a joke, a wisecrack, a movie reference we\'92d both laugh at. When I said nothing, she stepped back and said, \'91I always did like looking at you naked. That made me happy.\'92\
\
\'91Nothing made you happy. Can I put my clothes back on?\'92\
\
\'91No. I don\'92t want to worry about hidden wires in the cuffs or the hems. Also, we need to go in the bathroom and run the water. In case you bugged the house.\'92\
\
\'91You\'92ve seen too many movies,\'92 I said.\
\
\'91Ha! Never thought I\'92d hear you say that.\'92\
\
We stood in the bathtub and turned on the shower. The water sprayed my naked back and misted the front of Amy\'92s shirt until she peeled it off. She pulled off all her clothes, a gleeful striptease, and tossed them over the shower stall in the same grinning, game manner she had when we first met \'96 I\'92m up for anything! \'96 and she turned to me, and I waited for her to swing her hair around her shoulders like she did when she flirted with me, but her hair was too short.\
\
\'91Now we\'92re even,\'92 she said. \'91Seemed rude to be the only one clothed.\'92\
\
\'91I think we\'92re past etiquette, Amy.\'92\
\
Look only at her eyes, do not touch her, do not let her touch you.\
\
She moved toward me, put a hand on my chest, let the water trickle between her breasts. She licked a shower teardrop off her upper lip and smiled. Amy hated shower spray. She didn\'92t like getting her face wet, didn\'92t like the feel of water pelleting her flesh. I knew this because I was married to her, and I\'92d pawed her and harassed her many times in the shower, always to be turned down. (I know it seems sexy, Nick, but it\'92s actually not, it\'92s something people only do in movies.) Now she was pretending just the opposite, as if she forgot that I knew her. I backed away.\
\
\'91Tell me everything, Amy. But first: Was there ever a baby?\'92\
\
The baby was a lie. It was the most desolate part for me. My wife as a murderer was frightening, repulsive, but the baby as a lie was almost impossible to bear. The baby was a lie, the fear of blood was a lie \'96 during the past year, my wife had been mostly a lie.\
\
\'91How did you set Desi up?\'92 I asked.\
\
\'91I found some twine in one corner of his basement. I used a steak knife to saw it into four pieces\'97\'92\
\
\'91He let you keep a knife?\'92\
\
\'91We were friends. You forget.\'92\
\
She was right. I was thinking of the story she\'92d told the police: that Desi had held her captive. I did forget. She was that good a storyteller.\
\
\'91Whenever Desi wasn\'92t around, I\'92d tie the pieces as tight as I could around my wrists and ankles so they\'92d leave these grooves.\'92\
\
She showed me the lurid lines on her wrists, like bracelets.\
\
\'91I took a wine bottle, and I abused myself with it every day, so the inside of my vagina looked \'85 right. Right for a rape victim. Then today I let him have sex with me so I had his semen, and then I slipped some sleeping pills into his martini.\'92\
\
\'91He let you keep sleeping pills?\'92\
\
She sighed: I wasn\'92t keeping up.\
\
\'91Right, you were friends.\'92\
\
\'91Then I\'97\'92 She pantomimed slicing his jugular.\
\
\'91That easy, huh?\'92\
\
\'91You just have to decide to do it and then do it,\'92 she said. \'91Discipline. Follow through. Like anything. You never understood that.\'92\
\
I could feel her mood turning stony. I wasn\'92t appreciating her enough.\
\
\'91Tell me more,\'92 I said. \'91Tell me how you did it.\'92\
\
An hour in, the water went cold, and Amy called an end to our discussion.\
\
\'91You have to admit, it\'92s pretty brilliant,\'92 she said.\
\
I stared at her.\
\
\'91I mean, you have to admire it just a little,\'92 she prompted.\
\
\'91How long did it take for Desi to bleed to death?\'92\
\
\'91It\'92s time for bed,\'92 she said. \'91But we can talk more tomorrow if you want. Right now we should sleep. Together. I think it\'92s important. For closure. Actually, the opposite of closure.\'92\
\
\'91Amy, I\'92m going to stay tonight because I don\'92t want to deal with all the questions if I don\'92t stay. But I\'92ll sleep downstairs.\'92\
\
She cocked her head to one side, studied me.\
\
\'91Nick, I can still do very bad things to you, remember that.\'92\
\
\'91Ha! Worse than what you\'92ve already done?\'92\
\
She looked surprised. \'91Oh, definitely.\'92\
\
\'91I doubt that, Amy.\'92\
\
I began walking out the door.\
\
\'91Attempted murder,\'92 she said.\
\
I paused.\
\
\'91That was my original plan early on: I\'92d be a poor, sick wife with repeated episodes, sudden intense bouts of illness, and then it turns out that all those cocktails her husband prepared her \'85\'92\
\
\'91Like in the diary.\'92\
\
\'91But I decided attempted murder wasn\'92t good enough for you. It had to be bigger than that. Still, I couldn\'92t get the poisoning idea out of my head. I liked the idea of you working up to the murder. Trying the cowardly way first. So I went through with it.\'92\
\
\'91You expect me to believe that?\'92\
\
\'91All that vomit, so shocking. An innocent, frightened wife might have saved some of that vomit, just in case. You can\'92t blame her, being a little paranoid.\'92 She gave a satisfied smile. \'91Always have a backup plan to the backup plan.\'92\
\
\'91You actually poisoned yourself.\'92\
\
\'91Nick, please, you\'92re shocked? I killed myself.\'92\
\
\'91I need a drink,\'92 I said. I left before she could speak.\
\
I poured myself a Scotch and sat on the living room couch. Beyond the curtains, the strobes of the cameras were lighting up the yard. Soon it would no longer be night. I\'92d come to find the morning depressing, to know it would come again and again.\
\
Tanner picked up on the first ring.\
\
\'91She killed him,\'92 I said. \'91She killed Desi because he was basically \'85 he was annoying her, he was power-playing her, and she realized she could kill him, and it was her way back to her old life, and she could blame everything on him. She murdered him, Tanner, she just told me this. She confessed.\'92\
\
\'91I don\'92t suppose you were able to \'85 record any of it somehow? Cell phone or something?\'92\
\
\'91We were naked with the shower running, and she whispered everything.\'92\
\
\'91I don\'92t even want to ask,\'92 he said. \'91You two are the most fucked-up people I have ever met, and I specialize in fucked-up people.\'92\
\
\'91What\'92s going on with the police?\'92\
\
He sighed. \'91She foolproofed everything. It\'92s ludicrous, her story, but no more ludicrous than our story. Amy\'92s basically exploiting the sociopath\'92s most reliable maxim.\'92\
\
\'91What\'92s that?\'92\
\
\'91The bigger the lie, the more they believe it.\'92\
\
\'91Come on, Tanner, there\'92s got to be something.\'92\
\
I paced over to the staircase to make sure Amy was nowhere nearby. We were whispering, but still. I had to be careful now.\
\
\'91For now we need to toe the line, Nick. She left you looking fairly bad: Everything in the diary was true, she says. All the stuff in the woodshed was you. You bought the stuff with those credit cards, and you\'92re too embarrassed to admit it. She\'92s just a sheltered little rich girl, what would she know about acquiring secret credit cards in her husband\'92s name? And my goodness, that pornography!\'92\
\
\'91She told me there was never a baby, she faked it with Noelle Hawthorne\'92s pee.\'92\
\
\'91Why didn\'92t you say\'97That\'92s huge! We\'92ll lean on Noelle Hawthorne.\'92\
\
\'91Noelle didn\'92t know.\'92\
\
I heard a deep sigh on the other end. He didn\'92t even bother asking how. \'91We\'92ll keep thinking, we\'92ll keep looking,\'92 he said. \'91Something will break.\'92\
\
\'91I can\'92t stay in this house with that thing. She\'92s threatening me with\'97\'92\
\
\'91Attempted murder \'85 the antifreeze. Yeah, I heard that was in the mix.\'92\
\
\'91They can\'92t arrest me on that, can they? She says she still has some vomit. Evidence. But can they really\'97\'92\
\
\'91Let\'92s not push it for now, okay, Nick?\'92 he said. \'91For now, play nice. I hate to say it, I hate to, but that\'92s my best legal advice for you right now: Play nice.\'92\
\
\'91Play nice? That\'92s your advice? My one-man legal dream team: Play nice? Fuck you.\'92\
\
I hung up in full fury.\
\
I\'92ll kill her, I thought. I will fucking kill the bitch.\
\
I plunged into the dark daydream I\'92d indulged over the past few years when Amy had made me feel my smallest: I daydreamed of hitting her with a hammer, smashing her head in until she stopped talking, finally, stopped with the words she suctioned to me: average, boring, mediocre, unsurprising, unsatisfying, unimpressive. Un, basically. In my mind, I whaled on her with the hammer until she was like a broken toy, muttering un, un, un until she sputtered to a stop. And then it wasn\'92t enough, so I restored her to perfection and began killing her again: I wrapped my fingers around her neck \'96 she always did crave intimacy \'96 and then I squeezed and squeezed, her pulse\'97\
\
\'91Nick?\'92\
\
I turned around, and Amy was on the bottom stair in her nightgown, her head tilted to one side.\
\
\'91Play nice, Nick.\'92\
\
\
\
}