{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 NICK DUNNE\
\
\
TWO DAYS GONE\
\
\
\
I woke up on the pullout couch in the Elliotts\'92 suite, exhausted. They\'92d insisted I stay over \'96 my home had not yet been reopened to me \'96 insisted with the same urgency they once applied to snapping up the check at dinner: hospitality as ferocious force of nature. You must let us do this for you. So I did. I spent the night listening to their snores through the bedroom door, one steady and deep \'96 a hearty lumberjack of a snore \'96 the other gaspy and arrhythmic, as if the sleeper were dreaming of drowning.\
\
I could always turn myself off like a light. I\'92m going to sleep, I\'92d say, my hands in prayer position against my cheek, Zzzzzz, the deep sleep of a NyQuiled child \'96 while my insomniac wife fussed in bed next to me. Last night, though, I felt like Amy, my brain still going, my body on edge. I was, most of the time, a man who was literally comfortable in his own skin. Amy and I would sit on the couch to watch TV, and I\'92d turn to melted wax, my wife twitching and shifting constantly next to me. I asked her once if she might have restless leg syndrome \'96 an ad for the disease was running, the actors\'92 faces all furrowed in distress as they shook their calves and rubbed their thighs \'96 and Amy said, I have restless everything syndrome.\
\
I watched the ceiling of the hotel room turn gray then pink then yellow and finally pulled myself up to see the sun blaring right at me, across the river, again, a solar third degree. Then the names popped in my head \'96 bing! Hilary Handy. Such an adorable name to be accused of such disturbing acts. Desi Collings, a former obsessive who lived an hour away. I had claimed them both as mine. It is a do-it-yourself era: health care, real estate, police investigation. Go online and fucking figure it out for yourself because everyone\'92s overworked and understaffed. I was a journalist. I spent over ten years interviewing people for a living and getting them to reveal themselves. I was up to the task, and Marybeth and Rand believed so too. I was thankful they let me know I was still in their trust, the husband under a wispy cloud of suspicion. Or do I fool myself to use the word wispy?\
\
The Days Inn had donated an underused ballroom to serve as the Find Amy Dunne headquarters. It was unseemly \'96 a place of brown stains and canned smells \'96 but just after dawn, Marybeth set about pygmalioning it, vacuuming and sani-wiping, arranging bulletin boards and phone banks, hanging a large headshot of Amy on one wall. The poster \'96 with Amy\'92s cool, confident gaze, those eyes that followed you \'96 looked like something from a presidential campaign. In fact, by the time Marybeth was done, the whole room buzzed with efficiency \'96 the urgent hopefulness of a seriously underdog politician with a lot of true believers refusing to give up.\
\
Just after ten a.m., Boney arrived, talking into her cell phone. She patted me on the shoulder and began fiddling with a printer. The volunteers arrived in bunches: Go and a half dozen of our late mother\'92s friends. Five forty-something women, all in capri pants, like they were rehearsing a dance show: two of them \'96 slender and blond and tanned \'96 vying for the lead, the others cheerfully resigned to second string. A group of loudmouthed white-haired old ladies, each trying to talk over the next, a few of them texting, the kind of elderly people who have a baffling amount of energy, so much youthful vigor you had to wonder if they were trying to rub it in. Only one man showed up, a good-looking guy about my age, well dressed, alone, failing to realize that his presence could use some explaining. I watched Loner Guy as he sniffed around the pastries, sneaking glances at the poster of Amy.\
\
Boney finished setting up the printer, grabbed a branny-looking muffin, and came to stand by me.\
\
\'91Do you guys keep an eye on everyone who reports to volunteer?\'92 I asked. \'91I mean, in case it\'92s someone\'97\'92\
\
\'91Someone who seems to have a suspicious amount of interest? Absolutely.\'92 She broke off the edges of the muffin and popped them in her mouth. She dropped her voice. \'91But to tell the truth, serial killers watch the same TV shows we do. They know that we know they like to\'97\'92\
\
\'91Insert themselves into the investigation.\'92\
\
\'91That\'92s it, yup.\'92 She nodded. \'91So they\'92re more careful about that kind of thing now. But yeah, we sift through all the kinda-weirdos to make sure they\'92re just, you know, kinda-weirdos.\'92\
\
I raised an eyebrow.\
\
\'91Like, Gilpin and I were lead detectives on the Kayla Holman case few years back. Kayla Holman?\'92\
\
I shook my head: no bell.\
\
\'91Anyway, you\'92ll find some ghouls get attracted to stuff like this. And watch out for those two\'97\'92 Boney pointed toward the two pretty forty-something women. \'91Because they look like the type. To get a little too interested in consoling the worried husband.\'92\
\
\'91Oh, come on\'97\'92\
\
\'91You\'92d be surprised. Handsome guy like you. It happens.\'92\
\
Just then one of the women, the blonder and tanner, looked over at us, made eye contact, and smiled the gentlest, shyest smile at me, then ducked her head like a cat waiting to be petted.\
\
\'91She\'92ll work hard, though; she\'92ll be Little Miss Involved,\'92 Boney said. \'91So that\'92s good.\'92\
\
\'91How\'92d the Kayla Holman case turn out?\'92 I asked.\
\
She shook her head: no.\
\
Four more women filed in, passing a bottle of sunblock among themselves, slathering it on bare arms and shoulders and noses. The room smelled like coconuts.\
\
\'91By the way, Nick,\'92 Boney said. \'91Remember when I asked if Amy had friends in town \'96 what about Noelle Hawthorne? You didn\'92t mention her.\'92 She left us two messages.\
\
I gave her a blank stare.\
\
\'91Noelle in your complex? Mother of triplets?\'92\
\
\'91No, they aren\'92t friends.\'92\
\
\'91Oh, funny. She definitely seems to think they are.\'92\
\
\'91That happens to Amy a lot,\'92 I said. \'91She talks to people once, and they latch on. It\'92s creepy.\'92\
\
\'91That\'92s what her parents said.\'92\
\
I debated asking Boney directly about Hilary Handy and Desi Collings. Then I decided not to; I\'92d look better if I were the one leading the charge. I wanted Rand and Marybeth to see me in action-hero mode. I couldn\'92t shake the look Marybeth had given me: The police definitely seem to think it\'92s \'85 close to home.\
\
\'91People think they know her because they read the books growing up,\'92 I said.\
\
\'91I can see that,\'92 Boney said, nodding. \'91People want to believe they know other people. Parents want to believe they know their kids. Wives want to believe they know their husbands.\'92\
\
Another hour and the volunteer center began feeling like a family picnic. A few of my old girlfriends dropped by to say hello, introduce their kids. One of my mom\'92s best friends, Vicky, came by with three of her granddaughters, bashful tweens all in pink.\
\
Grandkids. My mom had talked about grandkids a lot, as if it were doubtlessly going to happen \'96 whenever she bought a new piece of furniture, she\'92d explain she favored that particular style because \'91it\'92ll work for when there\'92s grandkids.\'92 She wanted to live to see some grandkids. All her friends had some to spare. Amy and I once had my mom and Go over for dinner to mark The Bar\'92s biggest week ever. I\'92d announced that we had reason to celebrate, and Mom had leapt from her seat, burst into tears, and hugged Amy, who also began weeping, murmuring from beneath my mom\'92s smothering nuzzle, \'91He\'92s talking about The Bar, he\'92s just talking about The Bar.\'92 And then my mom tried hard to pretend she was just as excited about that. \'91Plenty of time for babies,\'92 she\'92d said in her most consoling voice, a voice that just made Amy start to cry again. Which was strange, since Amy had decided she didn\'92t want kids, and she\'92d reiterated this fact several times, but the tears gave me a perverse wedge of hope that maybe she was changing her mind. Because there wasn\'92t really plenty of time. Amy was thirty-seven when we moved to Carthage. She\'92d be thirty-nine in October.\
\
And then I thought: We\'92ll have to throw some fake birthday party or something if this is still going on. We\'92ll have to mark it somehow, some ceremony, for the volunteers, the media \'96 something to revive attention. I\'92ll have to pretend to be hopeful.\
\
\'91The prodijal son returns,\'92 said a nasally voice, and I turned to see a skinny man in a stretched-out T-shirt next to me, scratching a handlebar mustache. My old friend Stucks Buckley, who had taken to calling me a prodigal son despite not knowing how to pronounce the word, or what its meaning was. I assume he meant it as a fancy synonym for jackass. Stucks Buckley, it sounded like a baseball player\'92s name, and that was what Stucks was supposed to be, except he never had the talent, just the hard wish. He was the best in town, growing up, but that wasn\'92t good enough. He got the shock of his life in college when he was cut from the team, and it all went to shit after. Now he was an odd-job stoner with twitchy moods. He had dropped by The Bar a few times to try to pick up work, but he shook his head at every crappy day-job chore I offered, chewing on the inside of his cheek, annoyed: Come on, man, what else you got, you got to have something else.\
\
\'91Stucks,\'92 I said by way of greeting, waiting to see if he was in a friendly mood.\
\
\'91Hear the police are botching this royally,\'92 he said, tucking his hands into his armpits.\
\
\'91It\'92s a little early to say that.\'92\
\
\'91Come on, man, these little pansy-ass searches? I seen more effort put into finding the mayor\'92s dog.\'92 Stuck\'92s face was sunburned; I could feel the heat coming off him as he leaned in closer, giving me a blast of Listerine and chaw. \'91Why ain\'92t they rounded up some people? Plenty of people in town to choose from, they ain\'92t brought a single one in? Not a single one? What about the Blue Book Boys? That\'92s what I asked the lady detective: What about the Blue Book Boys? She wouldn\'92t even answer me.\'92\
\
\'91What are the Blue Book Boys? A gang?\'92\
\
\'91All those guys got laid off from the Blue Book plant last winter. No severance, nothing. You see some of the homeless guys wandering around town in packs, looking real, real pissed? Probably Blue Book Boys.\'92\
\
\'91I\'92m still not following you: Blue Book plant?\'92\
\
\'91You know: River Valley Printworks. On edge of town? They made those blue books you used for essays and shit in college.\'92\
\
\'91Oh. I didn\'92t know.\'92\
\
\'91Now colleges use computers, whatnot, so \'96 phwet! \'96 bye-bye, Blue Book Boys.\'92\
\
\'91God, this whole town is shutting down,\'92 I muttered.\
\
\'91The Blue Book Boys, they drink, drug, harass people. I mean, they did that before, but they always had to stop, go back to work on Monday. Now they just run wild.\'92\
\
Stucks grinned his row of chipped teeth at me. He had paint flecks in his hair; his summer job since high school, housepainting. I specialize in trim work, he\'92d say, and wait for you to get the joke. If you didn\'92t laugh, he\'92d explain it.\
\
\'91So, the cops been out to the mall?\'92 Stucks asked. I started a confused shrug.\
\
\'91Shit, man, didn\'92t you used to be a reporter?\'92 Stucks always seemed angry at my former occupation, like it was a lie that had stood too long. \'91The Blue Book Boys, they all made themselves a nice little town over in the mall. Squatting. Drug deals. The police run them out every once in a while, but they\'92re always back next day. Anyway, that\'92s what I told the lady detective: Search the fucking mall. Because some of them, they gang-raped a girl there a month ago. I mean, you get a bunch of angry men together, and things aren\'92t too good for a woman that comes across them.\'92\
\
On my drive to the afternoon search area, I phoned Boney, started in as soon as she said hello.\
\
\'91Why isn\'92t the mall being searched?\'92\
\
\'91The mall will be searched, Nick. We have cops heading over there right now.\'92\
\
\'91Oh. Okay. Because a buddy of mine\'97\'92\
\
\'91Stucks, I know, I know him.\'92\
\
\'91He was talking about all the\'97\'92\
\
\'91The Blue Book Boys, I know. Trust us, Nick, we got this. We want to find Amy as much as you do.\'92\
\
\'91Okay, uh, thanks.\'92\
\
My righteousness deflated, I gulped down my giant Styrofoam cup of coffee and drove to my assigned area. Three spots were being searched this afternoon: the Gully boat launch (now known as the Place Nick Spent the Morning of, Unseen by Anyone); the Miller Creek woods (which hardly deserved the name; you could see fast-food restaurants through the treeline); and Wolky Park, a nature spot with hiking and horse trails. I was assigned to Wolky Park.\
\
When I arrived, a local officer was addressing a crowd of about twelve people, all thick legs in tight shorts, sunglasses, and hats, zinc oxide on noses. It looked like opening day of camp.\
\
Two different TV crews were out to capture images for local stations. It was the July 4th weekend; Amy would be squeezed in between state fair stories and barbecue cookoffs. One cub reporter kept mosquitoing around me, peppering me with pointless questions, my body going immediately stiff, inhuman, with the attention, my \'91concerned\'92 face looking fake. A waft of horse manure hung in the air.\
\
The reporters soon left to follow the volunteers into the trails. (What kind of journalist finds a suspicious husband ripe for the picking and leaves? A bad low-pay journalist left behind after all the decent ones have been laid off.) A young uniform cop told me to stand \'96 right here \'96 at the entry to the various trails, near a bulletin board that held a mess of ancient flyers, as well as a missing person notice for Amy, my wife staring out of that photo. She\'92d been everywhere today, following me.\
\
\'91What should I be doing?\'92 I asked the officer. \'91I feel like a jackass here. I need to do something.\'92 Somewhere in the woods, a horse whinnied mournfully.\
\
\'91We really need you right here, Nick. Just be friendly, be encouraging,\'92 he said, and pointed to the bright orange thermos next to me. \'91Offer water. Just point anyone who comes in my way.\'92 He turned and walked toward the stables. It occurred to me that they were intentionally barring me from any possible crime scene. I wasn\'92t sure what that meant.\
\
As I stood aimlessly, pretending to busy myself with the cooler, a latecomer SUV rolled in, shiny red as nail polish. Out poured the fortysomethings from headquarters. The prettiest woman, the one Boney picked as a groupie, was holding her hair up in a ponytail so one of her friends could bug-spray the back of her neck. The woman waved at the fumes elaborately. She glanced at me out of the corner of her eye. Then she stepped away from her friends, let her hair fall down around her shoulders, and began picking her way over to me, that stricken, sympathetic smile on her face, the I\'92m so sorry smile. Giant brown pony eyes, her pink shirt ending just above crisp white shorts. High-heeled sandals, curled hair, gold hoops. This, I thought, is how you not dress for a search.\
\
Please don\'92t talk to me, lady.\
\
\'91Hi, Nick, I\'92m Shawna Kelly. I\'92m so sorry.\'92 She had an unnecessarily loud voice, a bit of a bray, like some enchanted, hot donkey. She held out her hand, and I felt a flick of alarm as Shawna\'92s friends started ambling down the trail, casting girl-clique glances back toward us, the couple.\
\
I offered what I had: my thanks, my water, my lip-swallowing awkwardness. Shawna didn\'92t make any move to leave, even though I was staring ahead, toward the trail where her friends had disappeared.\
\
\'91I hope you have friends, relatives, who are looking out for you during this, Nick,\'92 she said, swatting a horsefly. \'91Men forget to take care of themselves. Comfort food is what you need.\'92\
\
\'91We\'92ve been eating mostly cold cuts \'96 you know, fast, easy.\'92 I could still taste the salami in the back of my throat, the fumes floating up from my belly. I became aware that I hadn\'92t brushed my teeth since the morning.\
\
\'91Oh, you poor man. Well, cold cuts, that won\'92t do it.\'92 She shook her head, the gold hoops flickering sunlight. \'91You need to keep up your strength. Now, you are lucky, because I make a mean chicken Frito pie. You know what? I am going to put that together and drop it by the volunteer center tomorrow. You can just microwave it whenever you want a nice warm dinner.\'92\
\
\'91Oh, that sounds like too much trouble, really. We\'92re fine. We really are.\'92\
\
\'91You\'92ll be more fine after you eat a good meal,\'92 she said, patting my arm.\
\
Silence. She tried another angle.\
\
\'91I really hope it doesn\'92t end up having anything to do \'85 with our homeless problem,\'92 she said. \'91I swear, I have filed complaint after complaint. One broke into my garden last month. My motion sensor went off, so I peeked outside and there he was, kneeling in the dirt, just guzzling tomatoes. Gnawing at them like apples, his face and shirt were covered in juice and seeds. I tried to scare him off, but he loaded up at least twenty before he ran off. They were on the edge anyway, those Blue Book guys. No other skills.\'92\
\
I felt a sudden affinity for the troop of Blue Book men, pictured myself walking into their bitter encampment, waving a white flag: I am your brother, I used to work in print too. The computers stole my job too.\
\
\'91Don\'92t tell me you\'92re too young to remember Blue Books, Nick,\'92 Shawna was saying. She poked me in the ribs, making me jump more than I should have.\
\
\'91I\'92m so old, I\'92d forgotten about Blue Books until you reminded me.\'92\
\
She laughed: \'91What are you, thirty-one, thirty-two?\'92\
\
\'91Try thirty-four.\'92\
\
\'91A baby.\'92\
\
The trio of energetic elderly ladies arrived just then, tromping toward us, one working her cell phone, all wearing sturdy canvas garden skirts, Keds, and sleeveless golf tops revealing wobbly arms. They nodded at me respectfully, then flicked a glance of disapproval when they saw Shawna. We looked like a couple hosting a backyard barbecue. We looked inappropriate.\
\
Please go away, Shawna, I thought.\
\
\'91So anyway, the homeless guys, they can be really aggressive, like, threatening, toward women,\'92 Shawna said. \'91I mentioned it to Detective Boney, but I get the feeling she doesn\'92t like me very much.\'92\
\
\'91Why do you say that?\'92 I already knew what she was going to say, the mantra of all attractive women.\
\
\'91Women don\'92t like me all that much.\'92 She shrugged. \'91Just one of those things. Did \'96 does Amy have a lot of friends in town?\'92\
\
A number of women \'96 friends of my mom\'92s, friends of Go\'92s \'96 had invited Amy to book clubs and Amway parties and girls\'92 nights at Chili\'92s. Amy had predictably declined all but a few, which she attended and hated: \'91We ordered a million little fried things and drank cocktails made from ice cream.\'92\
\
Shawna was watching me, wanting to know about Amy, wanting to be grouped together with my wife, who would hate her.\
\
\'91I think she may have the same problem you do,\'92 I said in a clipped voice.\
\
She smiled.\
\
Leave, Shawna.\
\
\'91It\'92s hard to come to a new town,\'92 she said. \'91Hard to make friends, the older you get. Is she your age?\'92\
\
\'91Thirty-eight.\'92\
\
That seemed to please her too.\
\
Go the fuck away.\
\
\'91Smart man, likes them older women.\'92\
\
She pulled a cell phone out of her giant chartreuse handbag, laughing. \'91Come here,\'92 she said, and pulled an arm around me. \'91Give me a big chicken-Frito casserole smile.\'92\
\
I wanted to smack her, right then, the obliviousness, the girliness, of her: trying to get an ego stroke from the husband of a missing woman. I swallowed my rage, tried to hit reverse, tried to overcompensate and be nice, so I smiled robotically as she pressed her face against my cheek and took a photo with her phone, the fake camera-click sound waking me.\
\
She turned the phone around, and I saw our two sunburned faces pressed together, smiling as if we were on a date at the baseball game. Looking at my smarmy grin, my hooded eyes, I thought, I would hate this guy.\
\
}