{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 NICK DUNNE\
\
\
FOUR DAYS GONE\
\
\
\
Rand and I sat in the vacant Find Amy Dunne headquarters at five in the morning, drinking coffee while we waited for the cops to check out Lonnie. Amy stared at us from her poster perch on the wall. Her photo looked distressed.\
\
\'91I just don\'92t understand why she wouldn\'92t say something to you if she was afraid,\'92 Rand said. \'91Why wouldn\'92t she tell you?\'92\
\
Amy had come to the mall to buy a gun on Valentine\'92s Day, of all days, that\'92s what our friend Lonnie had said. She was a little abashed, a little nervous: Maybe I\'92m being silly, but \'85 I just really think I need a gun. Mostly, though, she was scared. Someone was unnerving her, she told Lonnie. She gave no more details, but when he asked her what kind of gun she wanted, she said: One that stops someone fast. He told her to come back in a few days, and she did. He hadn\'92t been able to get her one (\'91It\'92s not really my bag, man\'92), but now he wished he had. He remembered her well; over the months, he\'92d wondered how she was now and then, this sweet blonde with the fearful face, trying to get a gun on Valentine\'92s Day.\
\
\'91Who would she be afraid of?\'92 Rand asked.\
\
\'91Tell me about Desi again, Rand,\'92 I said. \'91Did you ever meet him?\'92\
\
\'91He came to the house a few times.\'92 Rand frowned, remembering. \'91He was a nice-looking kid, very solicitous of Amy \'96 treated her like a princess. But I just never liked him. Even when things were good with them \'96 young love, Amy\'92s first love \'96 even then I disliked him. He was very rude to me, inexplicably so. Very possessive of Amy, arms around her at all times. I found it strange, very strange, that he wouldn\'92t try to be nice to us. Most young men want to get in good with the parents.\'92\
\
\'91I wanted to.\'92\
\
\'91And you did!\'92 He smiled. \'91You were just the right amount of nervous, it was very sweet. Desi wasn\'92t anything but nasty.\'92\
\
\'91Desi\'92s less than an hour out of town.\'92\
\
\'91True. And Hilary Handy?\'92 Rand said, rubbing his eyes. \'91I don\'92t want to be sexist here \'96 she was scarier than Desi. Because that Lonnie guy at the mall, he didn\'92t say Amy was afraid of a man.\'92\
\
\'91No, he just said she was afraid,\'92 I said. \'91There is that Noelle Hawthorne girl \'96 the one who lives near us. She told the police she was best friends with Amy when I know she wasn\'92t. They weren\'92t even friends. Her husband says she\'92s been in hysterics. That she was looking at pictures of Amy, crying. At the time I thought they were Internet photos, but \'85 what if they were actual photos she had of Amy? What if she was stalking Amy?\'92\
\
\'91She tried to talk with me when I was a little busy yesterday,\'92 Rand said. \'91She quoted some Amazing Amy stuff at me. Amazing Amy and the Best Friend War, actually. \'93Best friends are the people who know us best.\'94\'92\
\
\'91Sounds like Hilary,\'92 I said. \'91All grown up.\'92\
\
We met Boney and Gilpin just after seven a.m. at an IHOP out along the highway for a showdown: It was ridiculous that we were doing their job for them. It was insane that we were the ones discovering leads. It was time to call in the FBI if the local cops couldn\'92t handle it.\
\
A plump, amber-eyed waitress took our orders, poured us coffee, and, clearly recognizing me, lingered within eavesdropping distance until Gilpin scatted her away. She was like a determined housefly, though. Between drink refills and dispensing of utensils and the magically quick arrival of our food, our entire harangue came in limp bursts. This is unacceptable \'85 no more coffee, thanks \'85 it\'92s unbelievable that \'85 uh, sure, rye is fine \'85\
\
Before we were done, Boney interrupted. \'91I understand, guys, it\'92s natural to want to feel involved. But what you did was dangerous. You have got to let us handle this kind of thing.\'92\
\
\'91That\'92s just it, though, you aren\'92t handling it,\'92 I said. \'91You\'92d never have gotten this information, about the gun, if we didn\'92t go out there last night. What did Lonnie say when you talked to him?\'92\
\
\'91Same thing you said he said,\'92 Gilpin said. \'91Amy wanted to buy a gun, she was scared.\'92\
\
\'91You don\'92t seem that impressed by this information,\'92 I snapped. \'91Do you think he was lying?\'92\
\
\'91We don\'92t think he was lying,\'92 Boney said. \'91There\'92s no reason for the guy to invite police attention to himself. He seemed very struck by your wife. Very \'85 I don\'92t know, rattled that this had happened to her. He remembered specific details. Nick, he said she was wearing a green scarf that day. You know, not a winter scarf but a fashion-statement scarf.\'92 She made fluttery moves with her fingers to show she thought fashion to be childish, unworthy of her attention. \'91Emerald green. Ring a bell?\'92\
\
I nodded. \'91She has one she wears with blue jeans a lot.\'92\
\
\'91And a pin on her jacket \'96 a gold cursive A?\'92\
\
\'91Yes.\'92\
\
Boney shrugged: Well, that settles it.\
\
\'91You don\'92t think he might have been so struck by her that he \'85 kidnapped her?\'92 I asked.\
\
\'91He has an alibi. Rock-solid,\'92 Boney said, giving me a pointed look. \'91To tell the truth, we\'92ve begun to look for \'85 a different kind of motive.\'92\
\
\'91Something more \'85 personal,\'92 Gilpin added. He looked dubiously at his pancakes, topped with strawberries and puffs of whipped cream. He began scraping them to the side of his plate.\
\
\'91More personal,\'92 I said. \'91So does that mean you\'92re finally going to talk to Desi Collings, or Hilary Handy? Or do I need to?\'92 I had, in fact, promised Marybeth I\'92d go today.\
\
\'91Sure, we will,\'92 Boney said. She had the placating tone of a girl promising her pesky mom to eat better. \'91We doubt it\'92s a lead \'96 but we\'92ll talk to them.\'92\
\
\'91Well, great, thanks for doing your job, kind of,\'92 I said. \'91And what about Noelle Hawthorne? If you want someone close to home, she\'92s right in our complex, and she seems a little obsessed with Amy.\'92\
\
\'91I know, she\'92s called us, and she\'92s on our list.\'92 Gilpin nodded. \'91Today.\'92\
\
\'91Good. What else are you doing?\'92\
\
\'91Nick, we\'92d actually like you to make some time for us, let us pick your brain a bit more,\'92 Boney said. \'91Spouses often know more than they realize. We\'92d like you to think a bit more about the argument \'96 that barnburner your neighbor Mrs., uh, Teverer overheard you and Amy having the night before she went missing.\'92\
\
Rand\'92s head jerked toward me.\
\
Jan Teverer, the Christian casserole lady who wouldn\'92t meet my eye anymore.\
\
\'91I mean, could it have been because \'96 I know this is hard to hear, Mr Elliott \'96 because Amy was under the influence of something?\'92 Boney asked. Innocent eyes. \'91I mean, maybe she has had contact with less savory elements in town. There are plenty of other drug dealers. Maybe she got in over her head, and that\'92s why she wanted a gun. There\'92s got to be a reason she wants a gun for protection and doesn\'92t tell her husband. And Nick, we\'92d like you to think harder about where you were between that time \'96 the time of the argument, about eleven p.m., the last anyone heard Amy\'92s voice\'97\'92\
\
\'91Besides me.\'92\
\
\'91Besides you \'96 and noon, when you arrived at your bar. If you were out and about in this town, driving to the beach, hanging around the dock area, someone must have seen you. Even if it was someone just, you know, walking his dog. If you can help us, I think that would be really \'85\'92\
\
\'91Helpful,\'92 Gilpin finished. He speared a strawberry.\
\
They both watched me attentively, congenially. \'91It\'92d be super-helpful, Nick,\'92 Gilpin repeated more pleasantly. First time I\'92d heard about the argument \'96 that they knew about it \'96 and they chose to tell me in front of Rand \'96 and they chose to pretend it wasn\'92t a gotcha.\
\
\'91Sure thing,\'92 I said.\
\
\'91You mind telling us what it was about?\'92 Boney asked. \'91The argument?\'92\
\
\'91What did Mrs Teverer tell you it was about?\'92\
\
\'91I hate to take her word when I got you right here.\'92 She poured some cream into her coffee.\
\
\'91It was such a nothing argument,\'92 I began. \'91That\'92s why I never mentioned it. Just both of us scrapping at each other, the way couples do sometimes.\'92\
\
Rand looked at me as if he had no clue what I was talking about: Scrapping? What is this scrapping of which you speak?\
\
\'91It was just \'96 about dinner,\'92 I lied. \'91About what we\'92d do for dinner for our anniversary. You know, Amy is a traditionalist about these things\'97\'92\
\
\'91The lobster!\'92 Rand interrupted. He turned to the cops. \'91Amy cooks lobster every year for Nick.\'92\
\
\'91Right. But there\'92s nowhere to get lobster in this town, not alive, from the tank, so she was frustrated. I had the Houston\'92s reservation\'97\'92\
\
\'91I thought you said you didn\'92t have a Houston\'92s reservation.\'92 Rand frowned.\
\
\'91Well, yes, sorry, I\'92m getting confused. I just had the idea of the Houston\'92s reservation. But I really should have just arranged to have some lobster flown in.\'92\
\
The cops, each of them, raised an accidental eyebrow. How very fancy.\
\
\'91It\'92s not that expensive to do. Anyway, we were at this rotten loggerheads, and it was one of those arguments that got bigger than it should have.\'92 I took a bite of my pancakes. I could feel the heat rushing from under my collar. \'91We were laughing about it within the hour.\'92\
\
\'91Hunh\'92 was all Boney said.\
\
\'91And where are you on the treasure hunt?\'92 Gilpin asked.\
\
I stood up, put down some money, ready to go. I wasn\'92t the one who was supposed to be playing defense here. \'91Nowhere, not right yet \'96 it\'92s hard to think clearly with so much going on.\'92\
\
\'91Okay,\'92 Gilpin said. \'91It\'92s less likely the treasure hunt is an angle, now that we know she was already feeling threatened months ago. But keep me in the loop anyway, okay?\'92\
\
We all shuffled out into the heat. As Rand and I got into our car, Boney called out, \'91Hey, is Amy still a two, Nick?\'92\
\
I frowned at her.\
\
\'91A size two?\'92 she repeated.\
\
\'91Yes, she is, I think,\'92 I said. \'91Yes. She is.\'92\
\
Boney made a face that said, Hmmmm, and got in her car.\
\
\'91What do you think that was about?\'92 Rand asked.\
\
\'91Those two, who knows?\'92\
\
We remained silent for most of the way to the hotel, Rand staring out the window at the rows of fast-food restaurants blinking by, me thinking about my lie \'96 my lies. We had to circle to find a space at the Days Inn; the payroll convention was apparently a hot ticket.\
\
\'91You know, it\'92s funny, how provincial I am, lifetime New Yorker,\'92 Rand said, fingers on the door handle. \'91When Amy talked about moving back here, back along the Ole Mississippi River, with you, I pictured \'85 green, farmland, apple trees, and those great old red barns. I have to tell you, it\'92s really quite ugly here.\'92 He laughed. \'91I can\'92t think of a single thing of beauty in this whole town. Except for my daughter.\'92\
\
He got out and strode quickly toward the hotel, and I didn\'92t try to catch up. I entered the headquarters a few minutes behind him, took a seat at a secluded table toward the back of the room. I needed to complete the treasure hunt before the clues disappeared, figure out where Amy had been taking me. After a few hours\'92 stint here, I\'92d deal with the third clue. In the meantime, I dialed.\
\
\'91Yeah,\'92 came an impatient voice. A baby was crying in the background. I could hear the woman blow the hair off her face.\
\
\'91Hi, is this \'96 is this Hilary Handy?\'92\
\
She hung up. I phoned back.\
\
\'91Hello?\'92\
\
\'91Hi there. I think we got cut off before.\'92\
\
\'91Would you put this number on your do not call list\'97\'92\
\
\'91Hilary, I\'92m not selling anything, I\'92m calling about Amy Dunne \'96 Amy Elliott.\'92\
\
Silence. The baby squawked again, a mewl that wavered dangerously between laughter and tantrum.\
\
\'91What about her?\'92\
\
\'91I don\'92t know if you\'92ve seen this on TV, but she\'92s gone missing. She went missing on July fifth under potentially violent circumstances.\'92\
\
\'91Oh. I\'92m sorry.\'92\
\
\'91I\'92m Nick Dunne, her husband. I\'92ve just been calling old friends of hers.\'92\
\
\'91Oh yeah?\'92\
\
\'91I wondered if you\'92d had any contact with her. Recently.\'92\
\
She breathed into the phone, three deep breaths. \'91Is this because of that, that bullshit back in high school?\'92 Farther in the background, a child\'92s wheedling voice yelled out, \'91Moo-oom, I nee-eed you.\'92\
\
\'91In a minute, Jack,\'92 she called into the void behind her. Then returned to me with a bright red voice: \'91Is it? Is that why you\'92re calling me? Because that was twenty goddamn years ago. More.\'92\
\
\'91I know. I know. Look, I have to ask. I\'92d be an asshole not to ask.\'92\
\
\'91Jesus fucking Christ. I\'92m a mother of three kids now. I haven\'92t talked to Amy since high school. I learned my lesson. If I saw her on the street, I\'92d run the other way.\'92 The baby howled. \'91I gotta go.\'92\
\
\'91Just real quick, Hilary\'97\'92\
\
She hung up, and immediately, my disposable vibrated. I ignored it. I had to find a place to stow the damn thing.\
\
I could feel the presence of someone, a woman, near me, but I didn\'92t look up, hoping she would go away.\
\
\'91It\'92s not even noon, and you already look like you\'92ve had a full day, poor baby.\'92\
\
Shawna Kelly. She had her hair pulled up in a high bubblegum-girl ponytail. She aimed glossed lips at me in a sympathetic pout. \'91You ready for some of my Frito pie?\'92 She was bearing a casserole dish, holding it just below her breasts, the saran wrap dappled with sweat. She said the words like she was the star of some \'9280s hair-rock video: You want summa my pie?\
\
\'91Big breakfast. Thanks, though. That\'92s really kind of you.\'92\
\
Instead of going away, she sat down. Under a turquoise tennis skirt, her legs were lotioned so well they reflected. She kicked me with the toe of an unblemished Tretorn. \'91You sleeping, sweetie?\'92\
\
\'91I\'92m holding up.\'92\
\
\'91You\'92ve got to sleep, Nick. You\'92re no good to anyone if you\'92re exhausted.\'92\
\
\'91I might leave in a little bit, see if I can grab a few hours.\'92\
\
\'91I think you should. I really do.\'92\
\
I felt a sudden keen gratitude to her. It was my mama\'92s-boy attitude, rising up. Dangerous. Crush it, Nick.\
\
I waited for her to go. She needed to go \'96 people were beginning to watch us.\
\
\'91If you want, I can drive you home right now,\'92 she said. \'91A nap might be just the thing for you.\'92\
\
She reached out to touch my knee, and I felt a burst of rage that she didn\'92t realize she needed to go. Leave the casserole, you clingy groupie whore, and go. Daddy\'92s-boy attitude, rising up. Just as bad.\
\
\'91Why don\'92t you check in with Marybeth?\'92 I said brusquely, and pointed to my mother-in-law by the Xerox, making endless copies of Amy\'92s photo.\
\
\'91Okay.\'92 She lingered, so I began ignoring her outright. \'91I\'92ll leave you to it, then. Hope you like the pie.\'92\
\
The dismissal had stung her, I could tell, because she made no eye contact as she left, just turned and sauntered off. I felt bad, debated apologizing, making nice. Do not go after that woman, I ordered myself.\
\
\'91Any news?\'92 It was Noelle Hawthorne, entering the same space Shawna had just vacated. She was younger than Shawna but seemed older \'96 a plump body with dour, wide-spaced mounds for breasts. A frown on her face.\
\
\'91Not so far.\'92\
\
\'91You sure seem to be handling it all okay.\'92\
\
I twitched my head at her, unsure what to say.\
\
\'91Do you even know who I am?\'92 she asked.\
\
\'91Of course. You\'92re Noelle Hawthorne.\'92\
\
\'91I\'92m Amy\'92s best friend here.\'92\
\
I had to remind the police: There were only two options with Noelle. She was either a lying publicity whore \'96 she liked the cachet of being pals with a missing woman \'96 or she was crazy. A stalker determined to befriend Amy, and when Amy shirked her \'85\
\
\'91Do you have any information about Amy, Noelle?\'92 I asked.\
\
\'91Of course I do, Nick. She was my best friend.\'92\
\
We stared each other down for a few seconds.\
\
\'91Are you going to share it?\'92 I asked.\
\
\'91The police know where to find me. If they ever get around to it.\'92\
\
\'91That\'92s super-helpful, Noelle. I\'92ll make sure they talk to you.\'92\
\
Her cheeks blazed red, two expressionist splatters of color.\
\
She went away. I thought the unkind thought, one of those that burbled up beyond my control. I thought: Women are fucking crazy. No qualifier: Not some women, not many women. Women are crazy.\
\
Once night fell fully, I drove to my dad\'92s vacant house, Amy\'92s clue on the seat beside me.\
\
Maybe you feel guilty for bringing me here\
\
I must admit it felt a bit queer\
\
But it\'92s not like we had the choice of many a place\
\
We made the decision: We made this our space.\
\
Let\'92s take our love to this little brown house\
\
Gimme some goodwill, you hot lovin\'92 spouse!\
\
This one was more cryptic than the others, but I was sure I had it right. Amy was conceding Carthage, finally forgiving me for moving back here. Maybe you feel guilty for bringing me here \'85 [but] We made this our space. The little brown house was my father\'92s house, which was actually blue, but Amy was making another inside joke. I\'92d always liked our inside jokes the best \'96 they made me feel more connected to Amy than any amount of confessional truth-telling or passionate lovemaking or talk-till-sunrising. The little brown house story was about my father, and Amy is the only person I\'92d ever told it to: that after the divorce, I saw him so seldom that I decided to think of him as a character in a storybook. He was not my actual father \'96 who would have loved me and spent time with me \'96 but a benevolent and vaguely important figure named Mr Brown, who was very busy doing very important things for the United States and who (very) occasionally used me as a cover to move more easily about town. Amy got tears in her eyes when I told her this, which I hadn\'92t meant, I\'92d meant it as a kids are funny story. She told me she was my family now, that she loved me enough to make up for ten crappy fathers, and that we were now the Dunnes, the two of us. And then she whispered in my ear, \'91I do have an assignment you might be good for \'85\'92\
\
As for bringing back the goodwill, that was another conciliation. After my father was completely lost to the Alzheimer\'92s, we decided to sell his place, so Amy and I went through his house, putting together boxes for Goodwill. Amy, of course, was a whirling dervish of doing \'96 pack, store, toss \'96 while I sifted through my father\'92s things glacially. For me, everything was a clue. A mug with deeper coffee stains than the others must be his favorite. Was it a gift? Who gave it to him? Or did he buy it himself? I pictured my father finding the very act of shopping emasculating. Still, an inspection of his closet revealed five pairs of shoes, shiny new, still in their boxes. Had he bought these himself, picturing a different, more social Bill Dunne than the one slowly unspooling alone? Did he go to Shoe-Be-Doo-Be, get my mother to help him, just another in a long line of her casual kindnesses? Of course, I didn\'92t share any of these musings with Amy, so I\'92m sure I came off as the goldbricker I so often am.\
\
\'91Here. A box. For Goodwill,\'92 she said, catching me on the floor, leaning against a wall, staring at a shoe. \'91You put the shoes in the box. Okay?\'92 I was embarrassed, I snarled at her, she snapped at me, and \'85 the usual.\
\
I should add, in Amy\'92s defense, that she\'92d asked me twice if I wanted to talk, if I was sure I wanted to do this. I sometimes leave out details like that. It\'92s more convenient for me. In truth, I wanted her to read my mind so I didn\'92t have to stoop to the womanly art of articulation. I was sometimes as guilty of playing the figure-me-out game as Amy was. I\'92ve left that bit of information out, too.\
\
I\'92m a big fan of the lie of omission.\
\
I pulled up in front of my dad\'92s house just after ten p.m. It was a tidy little place, a good starter home (or ender home). Two bedrooms, two baths, dining room, dated but decent kitchen. A for-sale sign rusted in the front yard. One year and not a bite.\
\
I entered the stuffy house, the heat rolling over me. The budget alarm system we installed after the third break-in began beeping, like a bomb countdown. I input the code, the one that drove Amy insane because it went against every rule about codes. It was my birthday: 81577.\
\
Code rejected. I tried again. Code rejected. A bead of sweat rolled down my back. Amy had always threatened to change the code. She said it was pointless to have one that was so guessable, but I knew the real reason. She resented that it was my birthday and not our anniversary: Once again I\'92d chosen me over us. My semi-sweet nostalgia for Amy disappeared. I stabbed my finger at the numbers again, growing more panicked as the alarm beeped and beeped and beeped its countdown \'96 until it went into full intruder blare.\
\
Woooonk-woooonk-woooonk!\
\
My cell phone was supposed to ring so I could give the all-clear: Just me, the idiot. But it didn\'92t. I waited a full minute, the alarm reminding me of a torpedoed-submarine movie. The canned heat of a closed house in July shimmered over me. My shirt back was already soaked. Goddammit, Amy. I scanned the alarm for the company\'92s number and found nothing. I pulled over a chair and began yanking at the alarm; I had it off the wall, hanging by the cords, when my phone finally rang. A bitchy voice on the other end demanded Amy\'92s first pet\'92s name.\
\
Woooonk-woooonk-woooonk!\
\
It was exactly the wrong tone \'96 smug, petulant, utterly unconcerned \'96 and exactly the wrong question, because I didn\'92t know the answer, which infuriated me. No matter how many clues I solved, I\'92d be faced with some Amy trivia to unman me.\
\
\'91Look, this is Nick Dunne, this is my dad\'92s house, this account was set up by me,\'92 I snapped. \'91So it doesn\'92t really fucking matter what my wife\'92s first pet\'92s name was.\'92\
\
Woooonk-woooonk-woooonk!\
\
\'91Please don\'92t take that tone with me, sir.\'92\
\
\'91Look, I just came in to grab one thing from my dad\'92s house, and now I\'92m leaving, okay?\'92\
\
\'91I have to notify the police immediately.\'92\
\
\'91Can you just turn off the goddamn alarm so I can think?\'92\
\
Woooonk-woooonk-woooonk!\
\
\'91The alarm\'92s off.\'92\
\
\'91The alarm is not off.\'92\
\
\'91Sir, I warned you once, do not take that tone with me.\'92\
\
You fucking bitch.\
\
\'91You know what? Fuck it, fuck it, fuck it.\'92\
\
I hung up just as I remembered Amy\'92s cat\'92s name, the very first one: Stuart.\
\
I called back, got a different operator, a reasonable operator, who turned off the alarm and, God bless her, called off the police. I really wasn\'92t in the mood to explain myself.\
\
I sat on the thin, cheap carpet and made myself breathe, my heart clattering. After a minute, after my shoulders untensed and my jaw unclenched and my hands unfisted and my heart returned to normal, I stood up and momentarily debated just leaving, as if that would teach Amy a lesson. But as I stood up, I saw a blue envelope left on the kitchen counter like a Dear John note.\
\
I took a deep breath, blew it out \'96 new attitude \'96 and opened the envelope, pulled out the letter marked with a heart.\
\
Hi Darling,\
\
So we both have things we want to work on. For me, it\'92d be my perfectionism, my occasional (wishful thinking?) self-righteousness. For you? I know you worry that you\'92re sometimes too distant, too removed, unable to be tender or nurturing. Well, I want to tell you \'96 here in your father\'92s house \'96 that isn\'92t true. You are not your father. You need to know that you are a good man, you are a sweet man, you are kind. I\'92ve punished you for not being able to read my mind sometimes, for not being able to act in exactly the way I wanted you to act right at exactly that moment. I punished you for being a real, breathing man. I ordered you around instead of trusting you to find your way. I didn\'92t give you the benefit of the doubt: that no matter how much you and I blunder, you always love me and want me to be happy. And that should be enough for any girl, right? I worry I\'92ve said things about you that aren\'92t actually true, and that you\'92ve come to believe them. So I am here to say now: You are WARM. You are my sun.\
\
If Amy were with me, as she\'92d planned on being, she would have nuzzled into me the way she used to do, her face in the crook of my neck, and she would have kissed me and smiled and said, You are, you know. My sun. My throat tight, I took a final look around my father\'92s house and left, closing the door on the heat. In my car, I fumbled open the envelope marked fourth clue. We had to be near the end.\
\
Picture me: I\'92m a girl who is very bad\
\
I need to be punished, and by punished, I mean had\
\
It\'92s where you store goodies for anniversary five\
\
Pardon me if this is getting contrived!\
\
A good time was had here right at sunny midday\
\
Then out for a cocktail, all so terribly gay.\
\
So run there right now, full of sweet sighs,\
\
And open the door for your big surprise.\
\
My stomach seized. I didn\'92t know what this one meant. I reread it. I couldn\'92t even guess. Amy had stopped taking it easy on me. I wasn\'92t going to finish the treasure hunt after all.\
\
I felt a surge of angst. What a fucking day. Boney was out to get me, Noelle was insane, Shawna was pissed, Hilary was resentful, the woman at the security company was a bitch, and my wife had stumped me finally. It was time to end this goddamn day. There was only one woman I could stand to be around right now.\
\
Go took one look at me \'96 rattled, tight-lipped, and heat-exhausted from my dad\'92s \'96 and parked me on the couch, announced she\'92d make some late dinner. Five minutes later, she was stepping carefully toward me, balancing my meal on an ancient TV tray. An old Dunne standby: grilled cheese and BBQ chips, a plastic cup of \'85\
\
\'91It\'92s not Kool-Aid,\'92 Go said. \'91It\'92s beer. Kool-Aid seemed a little too regressive.\'92\
\
\'91This is very nurturing and strange of you, Go.\'92\
\
\'91You\'92re cooking tomorrow.\'92\
\
\'91Hope you like canned soup.\'92\
\
She sat down on the couch next to me, stole a chip from my plate, and asked, too casually: \'91Any thoughts on why the cops would ask me if Amy was still a size two?\'92\
\
\'91Jesus, they won\'92t fucking let that go,\'92 I said.\
\
\'91Doesn\'92t it freak you out? Like, they found her clothes or something?\'92\
\
\'91They\'92d have asked me to identify them. Right?\'92\
\
She thought about that a second, her face pinched. \'91That makes sense,\'92 she said. Her face remained pinched until she caught me looking, then she smiled. \'91I taped the ball game, wanna watch? You okay?\'92\
\
\'91I\'92m okay.\'92 I felt awful, my stomach greasy, my psyche crackling. Maybe it was the clue I couldn\'92t figure out, but I suddenly felt like I\'92d overlooked something. I\'92d made some huge mistake, and my error would be disastrous. Maybe it was my conscience, scratching back to the surface from its secret oubliette.\
\
Go pulled up the game and, for the next ten minutes, remarked on the game only, and only between sips of her beer. Go didn\'92t like grilled cheese; she was scooping peanut butter out of the jar onto saltines. When a commercial break came on, she paused and said, \'91If I had a dick, I would fuck this peanut butter,\'92 deliberately spraying cracker bits toward me.\
\
\'91I think if you had a dick, all sorts of bad things would happen.\'92\
\
She fast-forwarded through a nothing inning. Cards trailing by five. When it was time for the next commercial break, Go paused, said, \'91So I called to change my cell-phone plan today, and the hold song was Lionel Richie \'96 do you ever listen to Lionel Richie? I like \'93Penny Lover,\'94 but the song wasn\'92t \'93Penny Lover,\'94 but anyway, then a woman came on the line, and she said the customer-service reps are all based in Baton Rouge, which was strange because she didn\'92t have an accent, but she said she grew up in New Orleans, and it\'92s a little-known fact that \'96 what do you call someone from New Orleans, a New Orleansean? \'96 anyway, that they don\'92t have much of an accent. So she said for my package, package A \'85\'92\
\
Go and I had a game inspired by our mom, who had a habit of telling such outrageously mundane, endless stories that Go was positive she had to be secretly fucking with us. For about ten years now, whenever Go and I hit a conversation lull, one of us would break in with a story about appliance repair or coupon fulfillment. Go had more stamina than I did, though. Her stories could drone on, seamlessly, forever \'96 they went on so long that they became genuinely annoying and then swung back around to hilarious.\
\
Go was moving on to a story about her refrigerator light and showed no signs of faltering. Filled with a sudden, heavy gratefulness, I leaned across the couch and kissed her on the cheek.\
\
\'91What\'92s that for?\'92\
\
\'91Just, thanks.\'92 I felt my eyes get full with tears. I looked away for a second to blink them off, and Go said, \'91So I needed a triple-A battery, which, as it turns out, is different from a transistor battery, so I had to find the receipt to return the transistor battery \'85\'92\
\
We finished watching the game. Cards lost. When it was over, Go switched the TV to mute. \'91You want to talk, or you want more distraction? Whatever you need.\'92\
\
\'91You go on to bed, Go. I\'92m just going to flip around. Probably sleep. I need to sleep.\'92\
\
\'91You want an Ambien?\'92 My twin was a staunch believer in the easiest way. No relaxation tapes or whale noises for her; pop a pill, get unconscious.\
\
\'91Nah.\'92\
\
\'91They\'92re in the medicine cabinet if you change your mind. If there was ever a time for assisted sleep \'85\'92 She hovered over me for just a few seconds, then, Go-like, trotted down the hall, clearly not sleepy, and closed her door, knowing the kindest thing was to leave me alone.\
\
A lot of people lacked that gift: knowing when to fuck off. People love talking, and I have never been a huge talker. I carry on an inner monologue, but the words often don\'92t reach my lips. She looks nice today, I\'92d think, but somehow it wouldn\'92t occur to me to say it out loud. My mom talked, my sister talked. I\'92d been raised to listen. So, sitting on the couch by myself, not talking, felt decadent. I leafed through one of Go\'92s magazines, flipped through TV channels, finally alighting on an old black-and-white show, men in fedoras scribbling notes while a pretty housewife explained that her husband was away in Fresno, which made the two cops look at each other significantly and nod. I thought of Gilpin and Boney and my stomach lurched.\
\
In my pocket, my disposable cell phone made a mini-jackpot sound that meant I had a text:\
\
im outside open the door\
\
\
\
\
\
}