{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 AMY ELLIOTT DUNNE\
\
\
TWENTY-SIX DAYS GONE\
\
\
\
Desi is here again. He is here almost every day now, simpering around the house, standing in the kitchen as the setting sun lights up his profile so I can admire it, pulling me by the hand into the tulip room so I can thank him again, reminding me how safe and loved I am.\
\
He says I\'92m safe and loved even though he won\'92t let me leave, which doesn\'92t make me feel safe and loved. He\'92s left me no car keys. Nor house keys nor the gate security code. I am literally a prisoner \'96 the gate is fifteen feet high, and there are no ladders in the house (I\'92ve looked). I could, I suppose, drag several pieces of furniture over to the wall, pile them up, and climb over, drop to the other side, limp or crawl away, but that\'92s not the point. The point is, I am his valued, beloved guest, and a guest should be able to leave when she wants. I brought this up a few days ago. \'91What if I need to leave. Immediately?\'92\
\
\'91Maybe I should move in here,\'92 he counters. \'91Then I could be here all the time and keep you safe, and if anything happens, we could leave together.\'92\
\
\'91What if your mom gets suspicious and comes up here and you\'92re found hiding me? It would be awful.\'92\
\
His mother. I would die if his mother came up here, because she would report me immediately. The woman despises me, all because of that incident back in high school \'96 so long ago, and she still holds a grudge. I scratched up my face and told Desi she attacked me (the woman was so possessive, and so cold to me, she might as well have). They didn\'92t talk for a month. Clearly, they\'92ve made up.\
\
\'91Jacqueline doesn\'92t know the code,\'92 he says. \'91This is my lake house.\'92 He pauses and pretends to think. \'91I really should move up here. It\'92s not healthy for you to spend so many hours by yourself.\'92\
\
But I\'92m not by myself, not that much. We have a bit of a routine established in just two weeks. It\'92s a routine mandated by Desi, my posh jailer, my spoiled courtier. Desi arrives just after noon, always smelling of some expensive lunch he\'92s devoured with Jacqueline at some white-linened restaurant, the kind of restaurant he could take me to if we moved to Greece. (This is the other option he repeatedly presents: We could move to Greece. For some reason, he believes I will never be identified in a tiny little fishing village in Greece where he has summered many times, and where I know he pictures us sipping the wine, making lazy sunset love, our bellies full of octopus.) He smells of lunch as he enters, he wafts it. He must dab goose liver behind his ears (the way his mother always smelled vaguely vaginal \'96 food and sex, the Collings reek of, not a bad strategy).\
\
He enters, and he makes my mouth water. The smell. He brings me something nice to eat, but not as nice as what he\'92s had: He\'92s thinning me up, he always preferred his women waify. So he brings me lovely green star fruit and spiky artichokes and spiny crab, anything that takes elaborate preparation and yields little in return. I am almost my normal weight again, and my hair is growing out. I wear it back in a headband he brought me, and I have colored it back to my blond, thanks to hair dye he also brought me: \'91I think you will feel better about yourself when you start looking more like yourself, sweetheart,\'92 he says. Yes, it\'92s all about my well-being, not the fact that he wants me to look exactly like I did before. Amy circa 1987.\
\
I eat lunch as he hovers near me, waiting for the compliments. (To never have to say those words \'96 thank you \'96 again. I don\'92t remember Nick ever pausing to allow me \'96 force me \'96 to thank him.) I finish lunch, and he tidies up as best as he knows how. We are two people unaccustomed to cleaning up after ourselves; the place is beginning to look lived in \'96 strange stains on countertops, dust on windowsills.\
\
Lunch concluded, Desi fiddles with me for a while: my hair, my skin, my clothes, my mind.\
\
\'91Look at you,\'92 he\'92ll say, tucking my hair behind my ears the way he likes it, unbuttoning my shirt one notch and loosening it at the neck so he can look at the hollow of my clavicle. He puts a finger in the little indentation, filling the gap. It is obscene. \'91How can Nick have hurt you, have not loved you, have cheated on you?\'92 He continually hits these points, verbally poking a bruise. \'91Wouldn\'92t it be so lovely to just forget about Nick, those awful five years, and move on? You have that chance, you know, to completely start over with the right man. How many people can say that?\'92\
\
I do want to start over with the right man, the New Nick. Things are looking bad for him, dire. Only I can save Nick from me. But I am trapped.\
\
\'91If you ever left here and I didn\'92t know where you were, I\'92d have to go to the police,\'92 he says. \'91I\'92d have no choice. I\'92d need to make sure you were safe, that Nick wasn\'92t \'85 holding you somewhere against your will. Violating you.\'92\
\
A threat disguised as concern.\
\
I look at Desi with outright disgust now. Sometimes I feel my skin must be hot with repulsion and with the effort to keep that repulsion hidden. I\'92d forgotten about him. The manipulation, the purring persuasion, the delicate bullying. A man who finds guilt erotic. And if he doesn\'92t get his way, he\'92ll pull his little levers and set his punishment in motion. At least Nick was man enough to go stick his dick in something. Desi will push and push with his waxy, tapered fingers until I give him what he wants.\
\
I thought I could control Desi, but I can\'92t. I feel like something very bad is going to happen.\
\
}