{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 AMY ELLIOTT DUNNE\
\
\
FORTY DAYS GONE\
\
\
\
I have found a piece of old twine and an empty wine bottle, and I\'92ve been using them for my project. Also some vermouth, of course. I am ready.\
\
Discipline. This will take discipline and focus. I am up to the task.\
\
I array myself in Desi\'92s favorite look: delicate flower. My hair in loose waves, perfumed. My skin has paled after a month inside. I am almost without makeup: a flip of mascara, pink-pink cheeks, and clear lip gloss. I wear a clingy pink dress he bought me. No bra. No panties. No shoes, despite the air-conditioned chill. I have a fire crackling and perfume in the air, and when he arrives after lunch without invitation, I greet him with pleasure. I wrap my arms around him and bury my face in his neck. I rub my cheek against his. I have been increasingly sweeter to him the past few weeks, but this is new, this clinging.\
\
\'91What\'92s this, sweetheart?\'92 he says, surprised and so pleased that I almost feel ashamed.\
\
\'91I had the worst nightmare last night,\'92 I whisper. \'91About Nick. I woke up, and all I wanted was to have you here. And in the morning \'85 I\'92ve spent all day wishing you were here.\'92\
\
\'91I can always be here, if you like.\'92\
\
\'91I would,\'92 I say, and I turn my face up to him and let him kiss me. His kiss disgusts me; it\'92s nibbly and hesitant, like a fish. It\'92s Desi being respectful of his raped, abused woman. He nibbles again, wet cold lips, his hands barely on me, and I just want this all over, I want it done, so I pull him to me and push his lips open with my tongue. I want to bite him.\
\
He pulls back. \'91Amy,\'92 he says. \'91You\'92ve been through a lot. This is fast. I don\'92t want you to do this fast if you don\'92t want to. If you\'92re not sure.\'92\
\
I know he\'92s going to have to touch my breasts, I know he\'92s going to have to push himself inside me, and I want it over, I can barely restrain myself from scratching him: the idea of doing this slowly.\
\
\'91I\'92m sure,\'92 I say. \'91I guess I\'92ve been sure since we were sixteen. I was just afraid.\'92\
\
This means nothing, but I know it will get him hard.\
\
I kiss him again, and then I ask him if he will take me into our bedroom.\
\
In the bedroom, he begins undressing me slowly, kissing parts of my body that have nothing to do with sex \'96 my shoulder, my ear \'96 while I delicately guide him away from my wrists and ankles. Just fuck me, for Christ\'92s sake. Ten minutes in and I grab his hand and thrust it between my legs.\
\
\'91Are you sure?\'92 he says, pulling back from me, flushed, a loop of his hair falling over his forehead, just like in high school. We could be back in my dorm room, for all the progress Desi has made.\
\
\'91Yes, darling,\'92 I say, and I reach modestly for his cock.\
\
Another ten minutes and he\'92s finally between my legs, pumping gently, slowly, slowly, making love. Pausing for kisses and caresses until I grab him by the buttocks and begin pushing him. \'91Fuck me,\'92 I whisper, \'91fuck me hard.\'92\
\
He stops. \'91It doesn\'92t have to be like that, Amy. I\'92m not Nick.\'92\
\
Very true. \'91I know, darling, I just want you to \'85 to fill me. I feel so empty.\'92\
\
That gets him. I grimace over his shoulder as he thrusts a few more times and comes, me realizing it almost too late \'96 Oh, this is his pathetic cum-sound \'96 and faking quick oohs and ahhs, gentle kittenish noises. I try to work up some tears because I know he imagines me crying with him the first time.\
\
\'91Darling, you\'92re crying,\'92 he says as he slips out of me. He kisses a tear.\
\
\'91I\'92m just happy,\'92 I say. Because that\'92s what those kinds of women say.\
\
I have mixed up some martinis, I announce \'96 Desi loves a decadent afternoon drink \'96 and when he makes a move to put on his shirt and fetch them, I insist he stay in bed.\
\
\'91I want to do something for you for a change,\'92 I say.\
\
So I scamper into the kitchen and get two big martini glasses, and into mine I put gin and a single olive. Into his I put three olives, gin, olive juice, vermouth, and the last of my sleeping pills, three of them, crushed.\
\
I bring the martinis, and there is snuggling and nuzzling, and I slurp my gin while this happens. I have an edge that must be dulled.\
\
\'91Don\'92t you like my martini?\'92 I ask when he has only a sip. \'91I always pictured being your wife and making you martinis. I know that\'92s silly.\'92\
\
I begin a pout.\
\
\'91Oh, darling, not silly at all. I was just taking my time, enjoying. But\'97\'92 He guzzles the whole thing down. \'91If it makes you feel better!\'92\
\
He is giddy, triumphant. His cock is slick with conquest. He is, basically, like all men. Soon he is sleepy, and after that he is snoring.\
\
And I can begin.\
\
\
}