{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 AMY ELLIOTT DUNNE\
\
\
THE NIGHT OF THE RETURN\
\
\
\
He turns around, and when he sees me standing there, he looks scared. That\'92s something useful. Because I\'92m not going to let him go. He may think he was lying when he said all those nice things to lure me home. But I know different. I know Nick can\'92t lie like that. I know that as he recited those words, he realized the truth. Ping! Because you can\'92t be as in love as we were and not have it invade your bone marrow. Our kind of love can go into remission, but it\'92s always waiting to return. Like the world\'92s sweetest cancer.\
\
You don\'92t buy it? Then how about this? He did lie. He didn\'92t mean a fucking thing he said. Well, then, screw him, he did too good a job, because I want him, exactly like that. The man he was pretending to be \'96 women love that guy. I love that guy. That\'92s the man I want for my husband. That\'92s the man I signed up for. That\'92s the man I deserve.\
\
So he can choose to truly love me the way he once did, or I will bring him to heel and make him be the man I married. I\'92m sick of dealing with his bullshit.\
\
\'91Play nice,\'92 I say.\
\
He looks like a child, a furious child. He bunches his fists.\
\
\'91No, Amy.\'92\
\
\'91I can ruin you, Nick.\'92\
\
\'91You already did, Amy.\'92 I see the rage flash over him, a shiver. \'91Why in God\'92s name do you even want to be with me? I\'92m boring, average, uninteresting, uninspiring. I\'92m not up to par. You spent the last few years telling me this.\'92\
\
\'91Only because you stopped trying,\'92 I say. \'91You were so perfect, with me. We were so perfect when we started, and then you stopped trying. Why would you do that?\'92\
\
\'91I stopped loving you.\'92\
\
\'91Why?\'92\
\
\'91You stopped loving me. We\'92re a sick, fucking toxic M\'f6bius strip, Amy. We weren\'92t ourselves when we fell in love, and when we became ourselves \'96 surprise! \'96 we were poison. We complete each other in the nastiest, ugliest possible way. You don\'92t really love me, Amy. You don\'92t even like me. Divorce me. Divorce me, and let\'92s try to be happy.\'92\
\
\'91I won\'92t divorce you, Nick. I won\'92t. And I swear to you, if you try to leave, I will devote my life to making your life as awful as I can. And you know I can make it awful.\'92\
\
He begins pacing like a caged bear. \'91Think about it, Amy, how bad we are for each other: the two most needful human beings in the world stuck with each other. I\'92ll divorce you if you don\'92t divorce me.\'92\
\
\'91Really?\'92\
\
\'91I will divorce you. But you should divorce me. Because I know what you\'92re thinking already, Amy. You\'92re thinking it won\'92t make a good story: Amazing Amy finally kills her crazed-rapist captor and returns home to \'85 a boring old divorce. You\'92re thinking it\'92s not triumphant.\'92\
\
It\'92s not triumphant.\
\
\'91But think of it this way: Your story is not some drippy, earnest survivor story. TV movie circa 1992. It\'92s not. You are a tough, vibrant, independent woman, Amy. You killed your kidnapper, and then you kept on cleaning house: You got rid of your idiot cheat of a husband. Women would cheer you. You\'92re not a scared little girl. You\'92re a badass, take-no-prisoners woman. Think about it. You know I\'92m right: The era of forgiveness is over. It\'92s pass\'e9. Think of all the women \'96 the politicians\'92 wives, the actresses \'96 every woman in the public who\'92s been cheated on, they don\'92t stay with the cheat these days. It\'92s not stand by your man anymore, it\'92s divorce the fucker.\'92\
\
I feel a rush of hate toward him, that he\'92s still trying to wriggle out of our marriage even though I\'92ve told him \'96 three times now \'96 that he can\'92t. He still thinks he has power.\
\
\'91And if I don\'92t divorce you, you\'92ll divorce me?\'92 I ask.\
\
\'91I don\'92t want to be married to a woman like you. I want to be married to a normal person.\'92\
\
Piece of shit.\
\
\'91I see. You want to revert to your lame, limp loser self? You want to just walk away? No! You don\'92t get to go be some boring-ass middle American with some boring-ass girl next door. You tried it already \'96 remember, baby? Even if you wanted to, you couldn\'92t do that now. You\'92ll be known as the philandering asshole who left his kidnapped, raped wife. You think any nice woman will touch you? You\'92ll only get\'97\'92\
\
\'91Psychos? Crazy psycho bitches?\'92 He\'92s pointing at me, jabbing the air.\
\
\'91Don\'92t call me that.\'92\
\
\'91Psycho bitch?\'92\
\
It\'92d be so easy, for him to write me off that way. He\'92d love that, to be able to dismiss me so simply.\
\
\'91Everything I do, I do for a reason, Nick,\'92 I say. \'91Everything I do takes planning and precision and discipline.\'92\
\
\'91You are a petty, selfish, manipulative, disciplined psycho bitch\'97\'92\
\
\'91You are a man,\'92 I say. \'91You are an average, lazy, boring, cowardly, woman-fearing man. Without me, that\'92s what you would have kept on being, ad nauseum. But I made you into something. You were the best man you\'92ve ever been with me. And you know it. The only time in your life you\'92ve ever liked yourself was pretending to be someone I might like. Without me? You\'92re just your dad.\'92\
\
\'91Don\'92t say that, Amy.\'92 He balls up his fists.\
\
\'91You think he wasn\'92t hurt by a woman, too, just like you?\'92 I say it in my most patronizing voice, as if I\'92m talking to a puppy. \'91You think he didn\'92t believe he deserved better than he got, just like you? You really think your mom was his first choice? Why do you think he hated you all so much?\'92\
\
He moves toward me. \'91Shut up, Amy.\'92\
\
\'91Think, Nick, you know I\'92m right: Even if you found a nice, regular girl, you\'92d be thinking of me every day. Tell me you wouldn\'92t.\'92\
\
\'91I wouldn\'92t.\'92\
\
\'91How quickly did you forget little Able Andie once you thought I loved you again?\'92 I say it in my poor-baby voice. I even stick out my lower lip. \'91One love note, sweetie? Did one love note do it? Two? Two notes with me swearing I loved you and I wanted you back, and I thought you were just great after all \'96 was that it for you? You are WITTY, you are WARM, you are BRILLIANT. You\'92re so pathetic. You think you can ever be a normal man again? You\'92ll find a nice girl, and you\'92ll still think of me, and you\'92ll be so completely dissatisfied, trapped in your boring, normal life with your regular wife and your two average kids. You\'92ll think of me and then you\'92ll look at your wife, and you\'92ll think: Dumb bitch.\'92\
\
\'91Shut up, Amy. I mean it.\'92\
\
\'91Just like your dad. We\'92re all bitches in the end, aren\'92t we, Nick? Dumb bitch, psycho bitch.\'92\
\
He grabs me by the arm and shakes me hard.\
\
\'91I\'92m the bitch who makes you better, Nick.\'92\
\
He stops talking then. He is using all his energy to keep his hands at his side. His eyes are wet with tears. He is shaking.\
\
\'91I\'92m the bitch who makes you a man.\'92\
\
Then his hands are on my neck.\
\
\
\
\
}