{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 AMY ELLIOTT DUNNE\
\
\
FIVE DAYS AFTER THE RETURN\
\
\
\
I know, I know for sure now, that I need to be more careful about Nick. He\'92s not as tame as he used to be. Something in him is electric; a switch has turned on. I like it. But I need to take precautions.\
\
I need one more spectacular precaution.\
\
It will take some time to put in place, this precaution. But I\'92ve done it before, the planning. In the meantime, we can work on our rebuilding. Start with the facade. We will have a happy marriage if it kills him.\
\
\'91You\'92re going to have to try again to love me,\'92 I told him. The morning after he almost killed me. It happened to be Nick\'92s thirty-fifth birthday, but he didn\'92t mention it. My husband has had enough of my gifts.\
\
\'91I forgive you for last night,\'92 I said. \'91We were both under a lot of stress. But now you\'92re going to have to try again.\'92\
\
\'91I know.\'92\
\
\'91Things will have to be different,\'92 I said.\
\
\'91I know,\'92 he said.\
\
He doesn\'92t really know. But he will.\
\
My parents have visited daily. Rand and Marybeth and Nick lavish me with attention. Pillows. Everyone wants to offer me pillows: We are all laboring under a mass psychosis that my rape and miscarriage have left me forever achy and delicate. I have a permanent case of sparrow\'92s bones \'96 I must be held gently in the palm, lest I break. So I prop my feet on the infamous ottoman, and I tread delicately over the kitchen floor where I bled. We must take good care of me.\
\
Yet I find it strangely tense to watch Nick with anyone but me. He seems on the edge of blurting all the time \'96 as if his lungs are bursting with words about me, damning words.\
\
I need Nick, I realize. I actually need him to back my story. To stop his accusations and denials and admit that it was him: the credit cards, the goodies in the woodshed, the bump in insurance. Otherwise I will carry that waft of uncertainty forever. I have only a few loose ends, and those loose ends are people. The police, the FBI, they are sifting through my story. Boney, I know, would love to arrest me. But they botched everything so badly before \'96 they look like such fools \'96 that they can\'92t touch me unless they have proof. And they don\'92t have proof. They have Nick, who swears he didn\'92t do the things I swear he did, and that\'92s not much, but it\'92s more than I\'92d like.\
\
I\'92ve even prepared in case my Ozarks friends Jeff and Greta show up, nosing around for acclaim or cash. I\'92ve already told the police: Desi didn\'92t drive us straight to his home. He kept me blindfolded and gagged and drugged for several days \'96 I think it was several days \'96 in some room, maybe a motel room? Maybe an apartment? I can\'92t be sure, it\'92s all such a blur. I was so frightened, you know, and the sleeping pills. If Jeff and Greta show their pointy, lowdown faces and somehow convince the cops to send a tech team down to the Hide-A-Way, and one of my fingerprints or a hair is found, that simply solves part of the puzzle. The rest is them telling lies.\
\
So Nick is really the only issue, and soon I\'92ll return him to my side. I was smart, I left no other evidence. The police may not entirely believe me, but they won\'92t do anything. I know from the petulant tone in Boney\'92s voice \'96 she will live in permanent exasperation from now on, and the more annoyed she gets, the more people will dismiss her. She already has the righteous, eye-rolling cadence of a conspiracy crackpot. She might as well wrap her head in foil.\
\
Yes, the investigation is winding down. But for Amazing Amy, it\'92s quite the opposite. My parents\'92 publisher placed an abashed plea for another Amazing Amy book, and they acquiesced for a lovely fat sum. Once again they are squatting on my psyche, earning money for themselves. They left Carthage this morning. They say it\'92s important for Nick and me (the correct grammar) to have some time alone and heal. But I know the truth. They want to get to work. They tell me they are trying to \'91find the right tone.\'92 A tone that says: Our daughter was kidnapped and repeatedly raped by a monster she had to stab in the neck \'85 but this is in no way a cash grab.\
\
I don\'92t care about the rebuilding of their pathetic empire, because every day I get calls to tell my story. My story: mine, mine, mine. I just need to pick the very best deal and start writing. I just need to get Nick on the same page so that we both agree how this story will end. Happily.\
\
I know Nick isn\'92t in love with me yet, but he will be. I do have faith in that. Fake it until you make it, isn\'92t that an expression? For now he acts like the old Nick, and I act like the old Amy. Back when we were happy. When we didn\'92t know each other as well as we do now. Yesterday I stood on the back porch and watched the sun come up over the river, a strangely cool August morning, and when I turned around, Nick was studying me from the kitchen window, and he held up a mug of coffee with a question: You want a cup? I nodded, and soon he was standing beside me, the air smelling of grass, and we were drinking our coffee together and watching the water, and it felt normal and good.\
\
He won\'92t sleep with me yet. He sleeps in the downstairs guest room with the door locked. But one day I will wear him down, I will catch him off guard, and he will lose the energy for the nightly battle, and he will get in bed with me. In the middle of the night, I\'92ll turn to face him and press myself against him. I\'92ll hold myself to him like a climbing, coiling vine until I have invaded every part of him and made him mine.\
\
\
\
}