{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 AMY ELLIOTT DUNNE\
\
\
APRIL 21, 2009\
\
\
\
\'96 Diary entry \'96\
\
Poor me. Let me set the scene: Campbell and Insley and I are all down in Soho, having dinner at Tableau. Lots of goat-cheese tarts, lamb meatballs and rocket greens, I\'92m not sure what all the fuss is about. But we are working backward: dinner first, then drinks in one of the little nooks Campbell has reserved, a mini-closet where you can lounge expensively in a place that\'92s not too different from, say, your living room. But fine, it\'92s fun to do the silly, trendy things sometimes. We are all overdressed in our little flashy frocks, our slasher heels, and we all eat small plates of food bites that are as decorative and unsubstantial as we are.\
\
We\'92ve discussed having our husbands drop by to join us for the drinks portion. So there we are, post-dinner, tucked into our nook, mojitos and martinis and my bourbon delivered to us by a waitress who could be auditioning for the small role of Fresh-faced Girl Just Off the Bus.\
\
We are running out of things to say; it is a Tuesday, and no one is feeling like it is anything but. The drinks are being carefully drunk: Insley and Campbell both have vague appointments the next morning, and I have work, so we aren\'92t gearing up for a big night, we are winding down, and we are getting dull-witted, bored. We would leave if we weren\'92t waiting for the possible appearance of the men. Campbell keeps peeking at her BlackBerry, Insley studies her flexed calves from different angles. John arrives first \'96 huge apologies to Campbell, big smiles and kisses for us all, a man just thrilled to be here, just delighted to arrive at the tail-end of a cocktail hour across town so he can guzzle a drink and head home with his wife. George shows up about twenty minutes later \'96 sheepish, tense, a terse excuse about work, Insley snapping at him, \'91You\'92re forty minutes late,\'92 him nipping back, \'91Yeah, sorry about making us money.\'92 The two barely talking to each other as they make conversation with everyone else.\
\
Nick never shows; no call. We wait another forty-five minutes, Campbell solicitous (\'91Probably got hit with some last-minute deadline,\'92 she says, and smiles toward good old John, who never lets last-minute deadlines interfere with his wife\'92s plans); Insley\'92s anger thawing toward her husband as she realizes he is only the second-biggest jackass of the group (\'91You sure he hasn\'92t even texted, sweetie?\'92).\
\
Me, I just smile: \'91Who knows where he is \'96 I\'92ll catch him at home.\'92 And then it is the men of the group who look stricken: You mean that was an option? Take a pass on the night with no nasty consequences? No guilt or anger or sulking?\
\
Well, maybe not for you guys.\
\
Nick and I, we sometimes laugh, laugh out loud, at the horrible things women make their husbands do to prove their love. The pointless tasks, the myriad sacrifices, the endless small surrenders. We call these men the dancing monkeys.\
\
Nick will come home, sweaty and salty and beer-loose from a day at the ballpark, and I\'92ll curl up in his lap, ask him about the game, ask him if his friend Jack had a good time, and he\'92ll say, \'91Oh, he came down with a case of the dancing monkeys \'96 poor Jennifer was having a \'93real stressful week\'94 and really needed him at home.\'92\
\
Or his buddy at work, who can\'92t go out for drinks because his girlfriend really needs him to stop by some bistro where she is having dinner with a friend from out of town. So they can finally meet. And so she can show how obedient her monkey is: He comes when I call, and look how well groomed!\
\
Wear this, don\'92t wear that. Do this chore now and do this chore when you get a chance and by that I mean now. And definitely, definitely, give up the things you love for me, so I will have proof that you love me best. It\'92s the female pissing contest \'96 as we swan around our book clubs and our cocktail hours, there are few things women love more than being able to detail the sacrifices our men make for us. A call-and-response, the response being: \'91Ohhh, that\'92s so sweet.\'92\
\
I am happy not to be in that club. I don\'92t partake, I don\'92t get off on emotional coercion, on forcing Nick to play some happy-hubby role \'96 the shrugging, cheerful, dutiful taking out the trash, honey! role. Every wife\'92s dream man, the counterpoint to every man\'92s fantasy of the sweet, hot, laid-back woman who loves sex and a stiff drink.\
\
I like to think I am confident and secure and mature enough to know Nick loves me without him constantly proving it. I don\'92t need pathetic dancing-monkey scenarios to repeat to my friends, I am content with letting him be himself.\
\
I don\'92t know why women find that so hard.\
\
When I get home from dinner, my cab pulls up just as Nick is getting out of his own taxi, and he stands in the street with his arms out to me and a huge grin on his face \'96 \'91Baby!\'92 \'96 and I run and I jump up into his arms and he presses a stubbly cheek against mine.\
\
\'91What did you do tonight?\'92 I ask.\
\
\'91Some guys were playing poker after work, so I hung around for a bit. Hope that was okay.\'92\
\
\'91Of course,\'92 I say. \'91More fun than my night.\'92\
\
\'91Who all showed up?\'92\
\
\'91Oh, Campbell and Insley and their dancing monkeys. Boring. You dodged a bullet. A really lame bullet.\'92\
\
He squeezes me into him \'96 those strong arms \'96 and hauls me up the stairs. \'91God, I love you,\'92 he says.\
\
Then comes sex and a stiff drink and a night of sleep in a sweet, exhausted rats\'92 tangle in our big, soft bed. Poor me.\
\
\
\
}