{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 AMY ELLIOTT DUNNE\
\
\
TEN MONTHS, TWO WEEKS, SIX DAYS AFTER THE RETURN\
\
\
\
I was told love should be unconditional. That\'92s the rule, everyone says so. But if love has no boundaries, no limits, no conditions, why should anyone try to do the right thing ever? If I know I am loved no matter what, where is the challenge? I am supposed to love Nick despite all his shortcomings. And Nick is supposed to love me despite my quirks. But clearly, neither of us does. It makes me think that everyone is very wrong, that love should have many conditions. Love should require both partners to be their very best at all times. Unconditional love is an undisciplined love, and as we all have seen, undisciplined love is disastrous.\
\
You can read more about my thoughts on love in Amazing. Out soon!\
\
But first: motherhood. The due date is tomorrow. Tomorrow happens to be our anniversary. Year six. Iron. I thought about giving Nick a nice pair of handcuffs, but he may not find that funny yet. It\'92s so strange to think: A year ago today, I was undoing my husband. Now I am almost done reassembling him.\
\
Nick has spent all his free time these past months slathering my belly with cocoa butter and running out for pickles and rubbing my feet, and all the things good fathers-to-be are supposed to do. Doting on me. He is learning to love me unconditionally, under all my conditions. I think we are finally on our way to happiness. I have finally figured it out.\
\
We are on the eve of becoming the world\'92s best, brightest nuclear family.\
\
We just need to sustain it. Nick doesn\'92t have it down perfect. This morning he was stroking my hair and asking what else he could do for me, and I said: \'91My gosh, Nick, why are you so wonderful to me?\'92\
\
He was supposed to say: You deserve it. I love you.\
\
But he said, \'91Because I feel sorry for you.\'92\
\
\'91Why?\'92\
\
\'91Because every morning you have to wake up and be you.\'92\
\
I really, truly wish he hadn\'92t said that. I keep thinking about it. I can\'92t stop.\
\
I don\'92t have anything else to add. I just wanted to make sure I had the last word. I think I\'92ve earned that.\
\
\
}