{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 NICK DUNNE\
\
\
FIVE DAYS GONE\
\
\
\
I leaned against the door, staring at my sister. I could still smell Andie, and I wanted that moment to myself for one second, because now that she was gone, I could enjoy the idea of her. She always tasted like butterscotch and smelled like lavender. Lavender shampoo, lavender lotion. Lavender\'92s for luck, she explained to me once. I\'92d need luck.\
\
\'91How old is she?\'92 Go was demanding, hands on hips.\
\
\'91That\'92s where you want to start?\'92\
\
\'91How old is she, Nick?\'92\
\
\'91Twenty-three.\'92\
\
\'91Twenty-three. Brilliant.\'92\
\
\'91Go, don\'92t\'97\'92\
\
\'91Nick. Do you not realize how fucked you are?\'92 Go said. \'91Fucked and dumb.\'92 She made dumb \'96 a kid\'92s word \'96 hit me as hard as if I were a ten-year-old again.\
\
\'91It\'92s not an ideal situation,\'92 I allowed, my voice quiet.\
\
\'91Ideal situation! You are \'85 you\'92re a cheater, Nick. I mean, what happened to you? You were always one of the good guys. Or have I just been an idiot all along?\'92\
\
\'91No.\'92 I stared at the floor, at the same spot I stared at as a kid when my mom sat me down on the sofa and told me I was better than whatever I\'92d just done.\
\
\'91Now? You\'92re a man who cheats on his wife, you can\'92t ever undo that,\'92 Go said. \'91God, even Dad didn\'92t cheat. You\'92re so \'96 I mean, your wife is missing, Amy\'92s who knows where, and you\'92re here making time with a little\'97\'92\
\
\'91Go, I enjoy this revisionist history in which you\'92re Amy\'92s champion. I mean, you never liked Amy, not even early on, and since all this happened, it\'92s like\'97\'92\
\
\'91It\'92s like I have sympathy for your missing wife, yeah, Nick. I have concern. Yeah, I do. Remember how before, when I said you were being weird? You\'92re\'97It\'92s insane, the way you\'92re acting.\'92\
\
She paced the room, chewing a thumbnail. \'91The police find out about this, and I just don\'92t even know,\'92 she said. \'91I\'92m fucking scared, Nick. This is the first time I\'92m really scared for you. I can\'92t believe they haven\'92t found out yet. They must have pulled your phone records.\'92\
\
\'91I used a disposable.\'92\
\
She paused at that. \'91That\'92s even worse. That\'92s \'85 like premeditation.\'92\
\
\'91Premeditated cheating, Go. Yes, I am guilty of that.\'92\
\
She succumbed for a second, collapsed on the sofa, the new reality settling on her. In truth, I was relieved that Go knew.\
\
\'91How long?\'92 she asked.\
\
\'91A little over a year.\'92 I made myself pull my eyes from the floor and look at her directly.\
\
\'91Over a year? And you never told me.\'92\
\
\'91I was afraid you\'92d tell me to stop. That you\'92d think badly of me and then I\'92d have to stop. And I didn\'92t want to. Things with Amy\'97\'92\
\
\'91Over a year,\'92 Go said. \'91And I never even guessed. Eight thousand drunk conversations, and you never trusted me enough to tell me. I didn\'92t know you could do that, keep something from me that totally.\'92\
\
\'91That\'92s the only thing.\'92\
\
Go shrugged: How can I believe you now? \'91You love her?\'92 She gave it a jokey spin to show how unlikely it was.\
\
\'91Yeah. I really think I do. I did. I do.\'92\
\
\'91You do realize, that if you actually dated her, saw her on a regular basis, lived with her, that she would find some fault with you, right? That she would find some things about you that drove her crazy. That she\'92d make demands of you that you wouldn\'92t like. That she\'92d get angry at you?\'92\
\
\'91I\'92m not ten, Go, I know how relationships work.\'92\
\
She shrugged again: Do you? \'91We need a lawyer,\'92 she said. \'91A good lawyer with some PR skills, because the networks, some cable shows, they\'92re sniffing around. We need to make sure the media doesn\'92t turn you into the evil philandering husband, because if that happens, I just think it\'92s all over.\'92\
\
\'91Go, you\'92re sounding a little drastic.\'92 I actually agreed with her, but I couldn\'92t bear to hear the words aloud, from Go. I had to discredit them.\
\
\'91Nick, this is a little drastic. I\'92m going to make some calls.\'92\
\
\'91Whatever you want, if it makes you feel better.\'92\
\
Go jabbed me in the sternum with two hard fingers. \'91Don\'92t you fucking pull that with me, Lance. \'93Oh, girls get so overexcited.\'94 That\'92s bullshit. You are in a really bad place, my friend. Get your head out of your ass and start helping me fix this.\'92\
\
Beneath my shirt, I could feel the spot embering on my skin as Go turned away from me and, thank God, went back to her room. I sat on her couch, numb. Then I lay down as I promised myself I\'92d get up.\
\
I dreamed of Amy: She was crawling across our kitchen floor, hands and knees, trying to make it to the back door, but she was blind from the blood, and she was moving so slowly, too slowly. Her pretty head was strangely misshapen, dented in on the right side. Blood was dripping from one long hank of hair, and she was moaning my name.\
\
I woke and knew it was time to go home. I needed to see the place \'96 the scene of the crime \'96 I needed to face it.\
\
No one was out in the heat. Our neighborhood was as vacant and lonely as the day Amy disappeared. I stepped inside my front door and made myself breathe. Weird that a house so new could feel haunted, and not in the romantic Victorian-novel way, just really gruesomely, shittily ruined. A house with a history, and it was only three years old. The lab technicians had been all over the place; surfaces were smeared and sticky and smudged. I sat down on the sofa, and it smelled like someone, like an actual person, with a stranger\'92s scent, a spicy aftershave. I opened the windows despite the heat, get in some air. Bleecker trotted down the stairs, and I picked him up and petted him while he purred. Someone, some cop, had overfilled his bowl for me. A nice gesture, after dismantling my home. I set him down carefully on the bottom step, then climbed up to the bedroom, unbuttoning my shirt. I lay down across the bed and put my face in the pillow, the same navy blue pillowcase I\'92d stared into the morning of our anniversary, the Morning Of.\
\
My phone rang. Go. I picked up.\
\
\'91Ellen Abbott is doing a special noon-day show. It\'92s about Amy. You. I, uh, it doesn\'92t look good. You want me to come over?\'92\
\
\'91No, I can watch it alone, thanks.\'92\
\
We both hovered on the line. Waiting for the other to apologize.\
\
\'91Okay, let\'92s talk after,\'92 Go said.\
\
Ellen Abbott Live was a cable show specializing in missing, murdered women, starring the permanently furious Ellen Abbott, a former prosecutor and victims\'92 rights advocate. The show opened with Ellen, blow-dried and lip-glossed, glaring at the camera. \'91A shocking story to report today: a beautiful, young woman who was the inspiration for the Amazing Amy book series. Missing. House torn apart. Hubby is Lance Nicholas Dunne, an unemployed writer who now owns a bar he bought with his wife\'92s money. Want to know how worried he is? These are photos taken since his wife, Amy Elliott Dunne, went missing July fifth \'96 their five-year anniversary.\'92\
\
Cut to the photo of me at the press conference, the jackass grin. Another of me waving and smiling like a pageant queen as I got out of my car (I was waving back to Marybeth; I was smiling because I smile when I wave).\
\
Then up came the cell-phone photo of me and Shawna Kelly, Frito-pie baker. The two of us cheek to cheek, beaming pearly whites. Then the real Shawna appeared on-screen, tanned and sculpted and somber as Ellen introduced her to America. Pinpricks of sweat erupted all over me.\
\
ELLEN: So, Lance Nicholas Dunne \'96 can you describe his demeanor for us, Shawna? You meet him as everyone is out searching for his missing wife, and Lance Nicholas Dunne is \'85 what?\
\
SHAWNA: He was very calm, very friendly.\
\
ELLEN: Excuse me, excuse me. He was friendly and calm? His wife is missing, Shawna. What kind of man is friendly and calm?\
\
The grotesque photo appeared on-screen again. We somehow looked even more cheerful.\
\
SHAWNA: He was actually a little flirty \'85\
\
You should have been nicer to her, Nick. You should have eaten the fucking pie.\
\
ELLEN: Flirty? While his wife is God knows where and Lance Dunne is \'85 well, I\'92m sorry, Shawna, but this photo is just \'85 I don\'92t know a better word than disgusting. This is not how an innocent man looks \'85\
\
The rest of the segment was basically Ellen Abbott, professional hatemonger, obsessing over my lack of alibi: \'91Why doesn\'92t Lance Nicholas Dunne have an alibi until noon? Where was he that morning?\'92 she drawled in her Texas sheriff\'92s accent. Her panel of guests agreed that it didn\'92t look good.\
\
I phoned Go and she said, \'91Well, you made it almost a week without them turning on you,\'92 and we cursed for a while. Fucking Shawna crazy bitch whore.\
\
\'91Do something really, really useful today, active,\'92 Go advised. \'91People will be watching now.\'92\
\
\'91I couldn\'92t sit still if I wanted to.\'92\
\
I drove to St. Louis in a near rage, replaying the TV segment in my head, answering all of Ellen\'92s questions, shutting her up. Today, Ellen Abbott, you fucking cunt, I tracked down one of Amy\'92s stalkers. Desi Collings. I tracked him down to get the truth. Me, the hero husband. If I had soaring theme music, I would have played it. Me, the nice working-class guy, taking on the spoiled rich kid. The media would have to bite at that: Obsessive stalkers are more intriguing than run-of-the-mill wife killers. The Elliotts, at least, would appreciate it. I dialed Marybeth, but just got voice mail. Onward.\
\
As I rolled into his neighborhood, I had to change my Desi vision from rich to extremely, sickly wealthy. The guy lived in a mansion in Ladue that probably cost at least $5 million. White-washed brick, black lacquer shutters, gaslight, and ivy. I\'92d dressed for the meeting, a decent suit and tie, but I realized as I rang his doorbell that a four-hundred-dollar suit in this neighborhood was more poignant than if I\'92d shown up in jeans. I could hear a clattering of dress shoes coming from the back of the house to the front, and the door opened with a desuctioning sound, like a refrigerator. Cold air rolled out toward me.\
\
Desi looked the way I had always wanted to look: like a very handsome, very decent fellow. Something in the eyes, or the jaw. He had deep-set almond eyes, teddy-bear eyes, and dimples in both cheeks. If you saw the two of us together you\'92d assume he was the good guy.\
\
\'91Oh,\'92 Desi said, studying my face. \'91You\'92re Nick. Nick Dunne. Good God, I\'92m so sorry about Amy. Come in, come in.\'92\
\
He ushered me into a severe living room, manliness as envisioned by a decorator. Lots of dark, uncomfortable leather. He pointed me toward an armchair with a particularly rigid back; I tried to make myself comfortable, as urged, but found the only posture the chair allowed was that of a chastised student: Pay attention and sit up.\
\
Desi didn\'92t ask me why I was in his living room. Or explain how he\'92d immediately recognized me. Although they were becoming more common, the double takes and cupped whispers.\
\
\'91May I get you a drink?\'92 Desi asked, pressing two hands together: business first.\
\
\'91I\'92m fine.\'92\
\
He sat down opposite me. He was dressed in impeccable shades of navy and cream; even his shoelaces looked pressed. He carried it all off, though. He wasn\'92t the dismissible fop I\'92d been hoping for. Desi seemed the definition of a gentleman: a guy who could quote a great poet, order a rare Scotch, and buy a woman the right piece of vintage jewelry. He seemed, in fact, a man who knew inherently what women wanted \'96 across from him, I felt my suit wilt, my manner go clumsy. I had a swelling urge to discuss football and fart. These were the kinds of guys who always got to me.\
\
\'91Amy. Any leads?\'92 Desi asked.\
\
He looked like someone familiar, an actor, maybe.\
\
\'91No good ones.\'92\
\
\'91She was taken \'85 from the home. Is that correct?\'92\
\
\'91From our home, yes.\'92\
\
Then I knew who he was: He was the guy who\'92d shown up alone the first day of searches, the guy who kept sneaking looks at Amy\'92s photo.\
\
\'91You were at the volunteer center, weren\'92t you? The first day.\'92\
\
\'91I was,\'92 Desi said, reasonable. \'91I was about to say that. I wish I\'92d been able to meet you that day, express my condolences.\'92\
\
\'91Long way to come.\'92\
\
\'91I could say the same to you.\'92 He smiled. \'91Look, I\'92m really fond of Amy. Hearing what had happened, well, I had to do something. I just\'97It\'92s terrible to say this, Nick, but when I saw it on the news, I just thought, Of course.\'92\
\
\'91Of course?\'92\
\
\'91Of course someone would \'85 want her,\'92 he said. He had a deep voice, a fireside voice. \'91You know, she always had that way. Of making people want her. Always. You know that old cliche\'b4: Men want her, and women want to be her. With Amy, that was true.\'92\
\
Desi folded large hands across his trousers. Not pants, trousers. I couldn\'92t decide if he was fucking with me. I told myself to tread lightly. It\'92s the rule of all potentially prickly interviews: Don\'92t go on the offense until you have to, first see if they\'92ll hang themselves all on their own.\
\
\'91You had a very intense relationship with Amy, right?\'92 I asked.\
\
\'91It wasn\'92t only her looks,\'92 Desi said. He leaned on a knee, his eyes distant. \'91I\'92ve thought about this a lot, of course. First love. I\'92ve definitely thought about it. The navel-gazer in me. Too much philosophy.\'92 He cracked a self-effacing grin. The dimples popped. \'91See, when Amy likes you, when she\'92s interested in you, her attention is so warm and reassuring and entirely enveloping. Like a warm bath.\'92\
\
I raised my eyebrows.\
\
\'91Bear with me,\'92 he said. \'91You feel good about yourself. Completely good, for maybe the first time. And then she sees your flaws, she realizes you\'92re just another regular person she has to deal with \'96 you are in actuality Able Andy, and in real life, Able Andy would never make it with Amazing Amy. So her interest fades, and you stop feeling good, you can feel that old coldness again, like you\'92re naked on the bathroom floor, and all you want is to get back in the bath.\'92\
\
I knew that feeling \'96 I\'92d been on the bathroom floor for about three years \'96 and I felt a rush of disgust for sharing this emotion with this other man.\
\
\'91I\'92m sure you know what I mean,\'92 Desi said, and smiled winkily at me.\
\
What an odd man, I thought. Who compares another man\'92s wife to a bath he wants to sink into? Another man\'92s missing wife?\
\
Behind Desi was a long, polished end table bearing several silver-framed photos. In the center was an oversize one of Desi and Amy back in high school, in tennis whites \'96 the two so preposterously stylish, so monied-lush they could have been a frame from a Hitchcock movie. I pictured Desi, teenage Desi, slipping into Amy\'92s dorm room, dropping his clothes to the floor, settling onto the cold sheets, swallowing plastic-coated pills. Waiting to be found. It was a form of punishment, of rage, but not the kind that occurred in my house. I could see why the police weren\'92t that interested. Desi trailed my glance.\
\
\'91Oh, well, you can\'92t blame me for that.\'92 He smiled. \'91I mean, would you throw away a photo that perfect?\'92\
\
\'91Of a girl I hadn\'92t known for twenty years?\'92 I said before I could stop. I realized my tone sounded more aggressive than was wise.\
\
\'91I know Amy,\'92 Desi snapped. He took a breath. \'91I knew her. I knew her very well. There aren\'92t any leads? I have to ask \'85 Her father, is he \'85 there?\'92\
\
\'91Of course he is.\'92\
\
\'91I don\'92t suppose \'85 He was definitely in New York when it happened?\'92\
\
\'91He was in New York. Why?\'92\
\
Desi shrugged: Just curious, no reason. We sat in silence for a half minute, playing a game of eye-contact chicken. Neither of us blinked.\
\
\'91I actually came here, Desi, to see what you could tell me.\'92\
\
I tried again to picture Desi making off with Amy. Did he have a lake house somewhere nearby? All these types did. Would it be believable, this refined, sophisticated man keeping Amy in some preppy basement rec room, Amy pacing the carpet, sleeping on a dusty sofa in some bright, clubby \'9260s color, lemon yellow or coral. I wished Boney and Gilpin were here, had witnessed the proprietary tone of Desi\'92s voice: I know Amy.\
\
\'91Me?\'92 Desi laughed. He laughed richly. The perfect phrase to describe the sound. \'91I can\'92t tell you anything. Like you said, I don\'92t know her.\'92\
\
\'91But you just said you did.\'92\
\
\'91I certainly don\'92t know her like you know her.\'92\
\
\'91You stalked her in high school.\'92\
\
\'91I stalked her? Nick. She was my girlfriend.\'92\
\
\'91Until she wasn\'92t,\'92 I said. \'91And you wouldn\'92t go away.\'92\
\
\'91Oh, I probably did pine for her. But nothing out of the ordinary.\'92\
\
\'91You call trying to kill yourself in her dorm room ordinary?\'92\
\
He jerked his head, squinted his eyes. He opened his mouth to speak, then stared down at his hands. \'91I\'92m not sure what you\'92re talking about, Nick,\'92 he finally said.\
\
\'91I\'92m talking about you stalking my wife. In high school. Now.\'92\
\
\'91That\'92s really what this is about?\'92 He laughed again. \'91Good God, I thought you were raising money for a reward fund or something. Which I\'92m happy to cover, by the way. Like I said, I\'92ve never stopped wanting the best for Amy. Do I love her? No. I don\'92t know her anymore, not really. We exchange the occasional letter. But it is interesting, you coming here. You confusing the issue. Because I have to tell you, Nick, on TV, hell, here, now, you don\'92t seem to be a grieving, worried husband. You seem \'85 smug. The police, by the way, already talked with me, thanks, I guess to you. Or Amy\'92s parents. Strange you didn\'92t know \'96 you\'92d think they\'92d tell the husband everything if he were in the clear.\'92\
\
My stomach clenched. \'91I\'92m here because I wanted to see for myself your face when you talked about Amy,\'92 I said. \'91I gotta tell you, it worries me. You get a little \'85 moony.\'92\
\
\'91One of us has to,\'92 Desi said, again reasonably.\
\
\'91Sweetheart?\'92 A voice came from the back of the house, and another set of expensive shoes clattered toward the living room. \'91What was the name of that book\'97\'92\
\
The woman was a blurry vision of Amy, Amy in a steam-fogged mirror \'96 exact coloring, extremely similar features, but a quarter century older, the flesh, the features, all let out a bit like a fine fabric. She was still gorgeous, a woman who chose to age gracefully. She was shaped like some sort of origami creation: elbows in extreme points, a clothes-hanger collarbone. She wore a china-blue sheath dress and had the same pull Amy did: When she was in a room, you kept turning your head back her way. She gave me a rather predatory smile.\
\
\'91Hello, I\'92m Jacqueline Collings.\'92\
\
\'91Mother, this is Amy\'92s husband, Nick,\'92 Desi said.\
\
\'91Amy.\'92 The woman smiled again. She had a bottom-of-a-well voice, deep and strangely resonant. \'91We\'92ve been quite interested in that story around here. Yes, very interested.\'92 She turned coldly to her son. \'91We can never stop thinking about the superb Amy Elliott, can we?\'92\
\
\'91Amy Dunne now,\'92 I said.\
\
\'91Of course,\'92 Jacqueline agreed. \'91I\'92m so sorry, Nick, for what you\'92re going through.\'92 She stared at me a moment. \'91I\'92m sorry, I must \'85 I didn\'92t picture Amy with such an \'85 American boy.\'92 She seemed to be speaking neither to me nor to Desi. \'91Good God, he even has a cleft chin.\'92\
\
\'91I came over to see if your son had any information,\'92 I said. \'91I know he\'92s written my wife a lot of letters over the years.\'92\
\
\'91Oh, the letters!\'92 Jacqueline smiled angrily. \'91Such an interesting way to spend one\'92s time, don\'92t you think?\'92\
\
\'91Amy shared them with you?\'92 Desi asked. \'91I\'92m surprised.\'92\
\
\'91No,\'92 I said, turning to him. \'91She threw them away unopened, always.\'92\
\
\'91All of them? Always? You know that?\'92 Desi said, still smiling.\
\
\'91Once I went through the trash to read one.\'92 I turned back to Jacqueline. \'91Just to see what exactly was going on.\'92\
\
\'91Good for you,\'92 Jacqueline said, purring at me. \'91I\'92d expect nothing less of my husband.\'92\
\
\'91Amy and I always wrote each other letters,\'92 Desi said. He had his mother\'92s cadence, the delivery that indicated everything he said was something you\'92d want to hear. \'91It was our thing. I find e-mail so \'85 cheap. And no one saves them. No one saves an e-mail, because it\'92s so inherently impersonal. I worry about posterity in general. All the great love letters \'96 from Simone de Beauvoir to Sartre, from Samuel Clemens to his wife, Olivia \'96 I don\'92t know, I always think about what will be lost\'97\'92\
\
\'91Have you kept all my letters?\'92 Jacqueline asked. She was standing at the fireplace, looking down on us, one long sinewy arm trailing along the mantelpiece.\
\
\'91Of course.\'92\
\
She turned to me with an elegant shrug. \'91Just curious.\'92\
\
I shivered, was about to reach out toward the fireplace for warmth, but remembered that it was July. \'91It seems to me a rather strange devotion to keep up all these years,\'92 I said. \'91I mean, she didn\'92t write you back.\'92\
\
That lit up Desi\'92s eyes. \'91Oh\'92 was all he said, the sound of someone who spied a surprise firework.\
\
\'91It strikes me as odd, Nick, that you\'92d come here and ask Desi about his relationship \'96 or lack thereof \'96 with your wife,\'92 Jacqueline Collings said. \'91Are you and Amy not close? I can guarantee you: Desi has had no genuine contact with Amy in decades. Decades.\'92\
\
\'91I\'92m just checking in, Jacqueline. Sometimes you have to see something for yourself.\'92\
\
Jacqueline started walking toward the door; she turned and gave me a single twist of her head to assure me that it was time to go.\
\
\'91How very intrepid of you, Nick. Very do-it-yourself. Do you build your own decks too?\'92 She laughed at the word and opened the door for me. I stared at the hollow of her neck and wondered why she wasn\'92t wearing a noose of pearls. Women like these always have thick strands of pearls to click and clack. I could smell her, though, a female scent, vaginal and strangely lewd.\
\
\'91It was interesting to meet you, Nick,\'92 she said. \'91Let\'92s all hope Amy gets home safely. Until then, the next time you want to get in touch with Desi?\'92\
\
She pressed a thick, creamy card into my hands. \'91Call our lawyer, please.\'92\
\
\
\
\
\
}