{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 NICK DUNNE\
\
\
FIVE DAYS GONE\
\
\
\
I sat in the billowing heat of my car outside Desi\'92s house, the windows rolled down, and checked my phone. A message from Gilpin: \'91Hi, Nick. We need to touch base today, update you on a few things, go over a few questions. Meet us at four at your house, okay? Uh \'85 thanks.\'92\
\
It was the first time I\'92d been ordered. Not Could we, we\'92d love to, if you don\'92t mind. But We need to. Meet us \'85\
\
I glanced at my watch. Three o\'92clock. Best not be late.\
\
The summer air show \'96 a parade of jets and prop planes spinning loops up and down the Mississippi, buzzing the tourist steamboats, rattling teeth \'96 was three days off, and the practice runs were in high gear by the time Gilpin and Rhonda arrived. We were all back in my living room for the first time since The Day Of.\
\
My home was right on a flight path; the noise was somewhere between jackhammer and avalanche. My cop buddies and I tried to jam a conversation in the spaces between the blasts. Rhonda looked more birdlike than usual \'96 favoring one leg, then another, her head moving all around the room as her gaze alighted on different objects, angles \'96 a magpie looking to line her nest. Gilpin hovered next to her, chewing his lip, tapping a foot. Even the room felt restive: The afternoon sun lit up an atomic flurry of dust motes. A jet shot over the house, that awful sky-rip noise.\
\
\'91Okay, couple of things here,\'92 Rhonda said when the silence returned. She and Gilpin sat down as if they both had suddenly decided to stay awhile. \'91Some stuff to get clear on, some stuff to tell you. All very routine. And as always, if you want a lawyer\'97\'92\
\
But I knew from my TV shows, my movies, that only guilty guys lawyered up. Real, grieving, worried, innocent husbands did not.\
\
\'91I don\'92t, thanks,\'92 I said. \'91I actually have some information to share with you. About Amy\'92s former stalker, the guy she dated back in high school.\'92\
\
\'91Desi \'96 uh, Collins,\'92 began Gilpin.\
\
\'91Collings. I know you all talked to him, I know you for some reason aren\'92t that interested in him, so I went to visit him myself today. To make sure he seemed \'85 okay. And I don\'92t think he is okay. I think he\'92s someone you all should look into. Really look into. I mean, he moves to St. Louis\'97\'92\
\
\'91He was living in St. Louis three years before you all moved back,\'92 Gilpin said.\
\
\'91Fine, but he\'92s in St. Louis. Easy drive. Amy bought a gun because she was afraid\'97\'92\
\
\'91Desi\'92s okay, Nick. Nice guy,\'92 Rhonda said. \'91Don\'92t you think? He reminds me of you, actually. Real golden boy, baby of the family.\'92\
\
\'91I\'92m a twin. Not the baby. I\'92m actually three minutes older.\'92\
\
Rhonda was clearly trying to nip at me, see if she could get a rise, but even knowing this didn\'92t prevent the angry blood flush to my stomach every time she accused me of being a baby.\
\
\'91Anyway,\'92 Gilpin interrupted. \'91Both he and his mother deny that he ever stalked Amy, or that he even had much contact with her these past years except the occasional note.\'92\
\
\'91My wife would tell you differently. He wrote Amy for years \'96 years \'96 and then he shows up here for the search, Rhonda. Did you know that? He was here that first day. You talked about keeping an eye out for men inserting themselves into the investigation\'97\'92\
\
\'91Desi Collings is not a suspect,\'92 she interrupted, one hand up.\
\
\'91But\'97\'92\
\
\'91Desi Collins is not a suspect,\'92 she repeated.\
\
The news stung. I wanted to accuse her of being swayed by Ellen Abbott, but Ellen Abbott was probably best left unmentioned.\
\
\'91Okay, well what about all these, these guys who\'92ve clogged up our tip line?\'92 I walked over and grabbed the sheet of names and numbers that I\'92d carelessly tossed on the dining room table. I began reading names. \'91Inserting themselves into the investigation: David Samson, Murphy Clark \'96 those are old boyfriends \'96 Tommy O\'92Hara, Tommy O\'92Hara, Tommy O\'92Hara, that\'92s three calls, Tito Puente \'96 that\'92s just a dumb joke.\'92\
\
\'91Have you phoned any of them back?\'92 Boney asked.\
\
\'91No. Isn\'92t that your job? I don\'92t know which are worthwhile and which are crazies. I don\'92t have time to call some jackass pretending to be Tito Puente.\'92\
\
\'91I wouldn\'92t put too much emphasis on the tip line, Nick,\'92 Rhonda said. \'91It\'92s kind of a woodwork situation. I mean, we\'92ve fielded a lot of phone calls from your old girlfriends. Just want to say hi. See how you are. People are strange.\'92\
\
\'91Maybe we should get started on our questions,\'92 Gilpin nudged.\
\
\'91Right. Well, I guess we should begin with where you were the morning your wife went missing,\'92 Boney said, suddenly apologetic, deferential. She was playing good cop, and we both knew she was playing good cop. Unless she was actually on my side. It seemed possible that sometimes a cop was just on your side. Right?\
\
\'91When I was at the beach.\'92\
\
\'91And you still can\'92t recall anyone seeing you there?\'92 Boney asked. \'91It\'92d help us so much if we could just cross this little thing off our list.\'92 She allowed a sympathetic silence. Rhonda could not only keep quiet, she could infuse the room with a mood of her choosing, like an octopus and its ink.\
\
\'91Believe me, I\'92d like that as much as you. But no. I don\'92t remember anyone.\'92\
\
Boney smiled a worried smile. \'91It\'92s strange, we\'92ve mentioned \'96 just in passing \'96 your being at the beach to a few people, and they all said \'85 They were all surprised, let\'92s put it that way. Said that didn\'92t sound like you. You aren\'92t a beach guy.\'92\
\
I shrugged. \'91I mean, do I go to the beach and lay out all day? No. But to sip my coffee in the morning? Sure.\'92\
\
\'91Hey, this might help,\'92 Boney said brightly. \'91Where\'92d you buy your coffee that morning?\'92 She turned to Gilpin as if to seek approval.\
\
\'91Could tighten the time frame at least, right?\'92\
\
\'91I made it here,\'92 I said.\
\
\'91Oh.\'92 She frowned. \'91That\'92s weird, because you don\'92t have any coffee here. Nowhere in the house. I remember thinking it was odd. A caffeine addict notices these things.\'92\
\
Right, just something you happened to notice, I thought. I knew a cop named Boney Moronie \'85 Her traps are so obvious, they\'92re clearly phony \'85\
\
\'91I had a leftover cup in the fridge I heated up.\'92 I shrugged again: No big deal.\
\
\'91Huh. Must have been there a long time \'96 I noticed there\'92s no coffee container in the trash.\'92\
\
\'91Few days. Still tastes good.\'92\
\
We both smiled at each other: I know and you know. Game on. I actually thought those idiotic words: Game on. Yet I was pleased in a way: The next part was starting.\
\
Boney turned to Gilpin, hands on knees, and gave a little nod. Gilpin chewed his lip some more, then finally pointed: toward the ottoman, the end table, the living room now righted. \'91See, here\'92s our problem, Nick,\'92 he started. \'91We\'92ve seen dozens of home invasions\'97\'92\
\
\'91Dozens upon dozens upon dozens,\'92 Boney interrupted.\
\
\'91Many home invasions. This \'96 all this area right there, in the living room \'96 remember it? The upturned ottoman, the overturned table, the vase on the floor\'92 \'96 he slapped down a photo of the scene in front of me \'96 \'91this whole area, it was supposed to look like a struggle, right?\'92\
\
My head expanded and snapped back into place. Stay calm. \'91Supposed to?\'92\
\
\'91It looked wrong,\'92 Gilpin continued. \'91From the second we saw it. To be honest, the whole thing looked staged. First of all, there\'92s the fact that it was all centered in this one spot. Why wasn\'92t anything messed up anywhere but this room? It\'92s odd.\'92 He proffered another photo, a close-up. \'91And look here, at this pile of books. They should be in front of the end table \'96 the end table is where they were stacked, right?\'92\
\
I nodded.\
\
\'91So when the end table was knocked over, they should have spilled mostly in front of it, following the trajectory of the falling table. Instead, they\'92re back behind it, as if someone swept them off before knocking over the table.\'92\
\
I stared dumbly at the photo.\
\
\'91And watch this. This is very curious to me,\'92 Gilpin continued. He pointed at three slender antique frames on the mantelpiece. He stomped heavily, and they all flopped facedown immediately. \'91But somehow they stayed upright through everything else.\'92\
\
He showed a photo of the frames upright. I had been hoping \'96 even after they caught my Houston\'92s dinner slipup \'96 that they were dumb cops, cops from the movies, local rubes aiming to please, trusting the local guy: Whatever you say, buddy. I didn\'92t get dumb cops.\
\
\'91I don\'92t know what you want me to say,\'92 I mumbled. \'91It\'92s totally \'96 I just don\'92t know what to think about this. I just want to find my wife.\'92\
\
\'91So do we, Nick, so do we,\'92 Rhonda said. \'91But here\'92s another thing. The ottoman \'96 remember how it was flipped upside down?\'92 She patted the squatty ottoman, pointed at its four peg legs, each only an inch high. \'91See, this thing is bottom-heavy because of those tiny legs. The cushion practically sits on the floor. Try to push it over.\'92 I hesitated. \'91Go on, try it,\'92 Boney urged.\
\
I gave it a push, but it slid across the carpet instead of turning over. I nodded. I agreed. It was bottom-heavy.\
\
\'91Seriously, get down there if you need to, and knock that thing upside down,\'92 Boney ordered.\
\
I knelt down, pushed from lower and lower angles, finally put a hand underneath the ottoman, and flipped it. Even then it lifted up, one side hovering, and fell back into place; I finally had to pick it up and turn it over manually.\
\
\'91Weird, huh?\'92 Boney said, not sounding all that puzzled.\
\
\'91Nick, you do any housecleaning the day your wife went missing?\'92 Gilpin asked.\
\
\'91No.\'92\
\
\'91Okay, because the tech did a Luminol sweep, and I\'92m sorry to tell you, the kitchen floor lit up. A good amount of blood was spilled there.\'92\
\
\'91Amy\'92s type \'96 B positive,\'92 Boney interrupted. \'91And I\'92m not talking a little cut, I\'92m talking blood.\'92\
\
\'91Oh my God.\'92 A clot of heat appeared in the middle of my chest. \'91But\'97\'92\
\
\'91Yes, so your wife made it out of this room,\'92 Gilpin said. \'91Somehow, in theory, she made it into the kitchen \'96 without disturbing any of those gewgaws on that table just outside the kitchen \'96 and then she collapsed in the kitchen, where she lost a lot of blood.\'92\
\
\'91And then someone carefully mopped it up,\'92 Rhonda said, watching me.\
\
\'91Wait. Wait. Why would someone try to hide blood but then mess up the living room\'97\'92\
\
\'91We\'92ll figure that out, don\'92t worry, Nick,\'92 Rhonda said quietly.\
\
\'91I don\'92t get it, I just don\'92t\'97\'92\
\
\'91Let\'92s sit down,\'92 Boney said. She pointed me toward a dining room chair. \'91You eat anything yet? Want a sandwich, something?\'92\
\
I shook my head. Boney was taking turns playing different female characters: powerful woman, doting caregiver, to see what got the best results.\
\
\'91How\'92s your marriage, Nick?\'92 Rhonda asked. \'91I mean, five years, that\'92s not far from the seven-year itch.\'92\
\
\'91The marriage was fine,\'92 I repeated. \'91It\'92s fine. Not perfect, but good, good.\'92\
\
She wrinkled her nose: You lie.\
\
\'91You think she might have run off?\'92 I asked, too hopefully. \'91Made this look like a crime scene and took off? Runaway-wife thing?\'92\
\
Boney began ticking off reasons no: \'91She hasn\'92t used her cell, she hasn\'92t used her credit cards, ATM cards. She made no major cash withdrawals in the weeks before.\'92\
\
\'91And there\'92s the blood,\'92 Gilpin added. \'91I mean, again, I don\'92t want to sound harsh, but the amount of blood spilled? That would take some serious \'85 I mean, I couldn\'92t have done it to myself. I\'92m talking some deep wounds there. Your wife got nerves of steel?\'92\
\
\'91Yes. She does.\'92 She also had a deep phobia of blood, but I\'92d wait and let the brilliant detectives figure that out.\
\
\'91It seems extremely unlikely,\'92 Gilpin said. \'91If she were to wound herself that seriously, why would she mop it up?\'92\
\
\'91So really, let\'92s be honest, Nick,\'92 Boney said, leaning over on her knees so she could make eye contact with me as I stared at the floor. \'91How was your marriage currently? We\'92re on your side, but we need the truth. The only thing that makes you look bad is you holding out on us.\'92\
\
\'91We\'92ve had bumps.\'92 I saw Amy in the bedroom that last night, her face mottled with the red hivey splotches she got when she was angry. She was spitting out the words \'96 mean, wild words \'96 and I was listening to her, trying to accept the words because they were true, they were technically true, everything she said.\
\
\'91Describe the bumps for us,\'92 Boney said.\
\
\'91Nothing specific, just disagreements. I mean, Amy is a blowstack. She bottles up a bunch of little stuff and \'96 whoom! \'96 but then it\'92s over. We never went to bed angry.\'92\
\
\'91Not Wednesday night?\'92 Boney asked.\
\
\'91Never,\'92 I lied.\
\
\'91Is it money, what you mostly argue about?\'92\
\
\'91I can\'92t even think what we\'92d argue about. Just stuff.\'92\
\
\'91What stuff was it the night she went missing?\'92 Gilpin said it with a sideways grin, like he\'92d uttered the most unbelievable gotcha.\
\
\'91Like I told you, there was the lobster.\'92\
\
\'91What else? I\'92m sure you didn\'92t scream about the lobster for a whole hour.\'92\
\
At that point Bleecker waddled partway down the stairs and peered through the railings.\
\
\'91Other household stuff, too. Married-couple stuff. The cat box,\'92 I said. \'91Who would clean the cat box.\'92\
\
\'91You were in a screaming argument about a cat box,\'92 Boney said.\
\
\'91You know, the principle of the thing. I work a lot of hours, and Amy doesn\'92t, and I think it would be good for her if she did some basic home maintenance. Just basic upkeep.\'92\
\
Gilpin jolted like an invalid woken from an afternoon nap. \'91You\'92re an old-fashioned guy, right? I\'92m the same way. I tell my wife all the time, \'93I don\'92t know how to iron, I don\'92t know how to do the dishes. I can\'92t cook. So, sweetheart, I\'92ll catch the bad guys, that I can do, and you throw some clothes in the washer now and then.\'94 Rhonda, you were married, did you do the domestic stuff at home?\'92\
\
Boney looked believably annoyed. \'91I catch bad guys too, idiot.\'92\
\
Gilpin rolled his eyes toward me; I almost expected him to make a joke \'96 sounds like someone\'92s on the rag \'96 the guy was laying it on so thick.\
\
Gilpin rubbed his vulpine jaw. \'91So you just wanted a housewife,\'92 he said to me, making the proposition seem reasonable.\
\
\'91I wanted \'96 I wanted whatever Amy wanted. I really didn\'92t care.\'92 I appealed to Boney now, Detective Rhonda Boney with the sympathetic air that seemed at least partly authentic. (It\'92s not, I reminded myself.) \'91Amy couldn\'92t decide what to do here. She couldn\'92t find a job, and she wasn\'92t interested in The Bar. Which is fine, if you want to stay home, that\'92s fine, I said. But when she stayed home, she was unhappy too. And she\'92d wait for me to fix it. It was like I was in charge of her happiness.\'92\
\
Boney said nothing, gave me a face expressionless as water.\
\
\'91And, I mean, it\'92s fun to be hero for a while, be the white knight, but it doesn\'92t really work for long. I couldn\'92t make her be happy. She didn\'92t want to be happy. So I thought if she started taking charge of a few practical things\'97\'92\
\
\'91Like the cat box,\'92 said Boney.\
\
\'91Yeah, clean the cat box, get some groceries, call a plumber to fix the drip that drove her crazy.\'92\
\
\'91Wow, that sounds like a real happiness plan there. Lotta yuks.\'92\
\
\'91But my point was, do something. Whatever it is, do something. Make the most of the situation. Don\'92t sit and wait for me to fix everything for you.\'92 I was speaking loudly, I realized, and I sounded almost angry, certainly righteous, but it was such a relief. I\'92d started with a lie \'96 the cat box \'96 and turned that into a surprising burst of pure truth, and I realized why criminals talked too much, because it feels so good to tell your story to a stranger, someone who won\'92t call bullshit, someone forced to listen to your side. (Someone pretending to listen to your side, I corrected.)\
\
\'91So the move back to Missouri?\'92 Boney said. \'91You moved Amy here against her wishes?\'92\
\
\'91Against her wishes? No. We did what we had to do. I had no job, Amy had no job, my mom was sick. I\'92d do the same for Amy.\'92\
\
\'91That\'92s nice of you to say,\'92 Boney muttered. And suddenly she reminded me exactly of Amy: the damning below-breath retorts uttered at the perfect level, so I was pretty sure I heard them but couldn\'92t swear to it. And if I asked what I was supposed to ask \'96 What did you say? \'96 she\'92d always say the same: Nothing. I glared at Boney, my mouth tight, and then I thought: Maybe this is part of the plan, to see how you act toward angry, dissatisfied women. I tried to make myself smile, but it only seemed to repulse her more.\
\
\'91And you\'92re able to afford this, Amy working, not working, whatever, you could swing it financially?\'92 Gilpin asked.\
\
\'91We\'92ve had some money problems of late,\'92 I said. \'91When we first married, Amy was wealthy, like extremely wealthy.\'92\
\
\'91Right,\'92 said Boney, \'91those Amazing Amy books.\'92\
\
\'91Yeah, they made a ton of money in the eighties and nineties. But the publisher dropped them. Said Amy had run her course. And everything went south. Amy\'92s parents had to borrow money from us to stay afloat.\'92\
\
\'91From your wife, you mean?\'92\
\
\'91Right, fine. And then we used most of the last of Amy\'92s trust fund to buy the bar, and I\'92ve been supporting us since.\'92\
\
\'91So when you married Amy, she was very wealthy,\'92 Gilpin said. I nodded. I was thinking of the hero narrative: the husband who sticks by his wife through the horrible decline in her family\'92s circumstances.\
\
\'91So you had a very nice lifetstyle.\'92\
\
\'91Yeah, it was great, it was awesome.\'92\
\
\'91And now she\'92s near broke, and you\'92re dealing with a very different lifestyle than what you married into. What you signed on for.\'92\
\
I realized my narrative was completely wrong.\
\
\'91Because, okay, we\'92ve been going over your finances, Nick, and dang, they don\'92t look good,\'92 Gilpin started, almost turning the accusation into a concern, a worry.\
\
\'91The Bar is doing decent,\'92 I said. \'91It usually takes a new business three or four years to get out of the red.\'92\
\
\'91It\'92s those credit cards that got my attention,\'92 Boney said. \'91Two hundred and twelve thousand dollars in credit-card debt. I mean, it took my breath away.\'92 She fanned a stack of red-ink statements at me.\
\
My parents were fanatics about credit cards \'96 used only for special purposes, paid off every month. We don\'92t buy what we can\'92t pay for; it was the Dunne family motto.\
\
\'91We don\'92t \'96 I don\'92t, at least \'96 but I don\'92t think Amy would\'97Can I see those?\'92 I stuttered, just as a low-flying bomber rattled the windowpanes. A plant on the mantel promptly lost five pretty purple leaves. Forced into silence for ten brain-shaking seconds, we all watched the leaves flutter to the ground.\
\
\'91Yet this great brawl we\'92re supposed to believe happened in here, and not a petal was on the floor then,\'92 Gilpin muttered disgustedly.\
\
I took the papers from Boney and saw my name, only my name, versions of it \'96 Nick Dunne, Lance Dunne, Lance N. Dunne, Lance Nicholas Dunne, on a dozen different credit cards, balances from $62.78 to $45,602.33, all in various states of lateness, terse threats printed in ominous lettering across the top: pay now.\
\
\'91Holy fuck! This is, like, identity theft or something!\'92 I said. \'91They\'92re not mine. I mean, freakin\'92 look at some of this stuff: I don\'92t even golf.\'92 Someone had paid over seven thousand dollars for a set of clubs. \'91Anyone can tell you: I really don\'92t golf.\'92 I tried to make it sound self-effacing \'96 yet another thing I\'92m not good at \'96 but the detectives weren\'92t biting.\
\
\'91You know Noelle Hawthorne?\'92 Boney asked. \'91The friend of Amy\'92s you told us to check out?\'92\
\
\'91Wait, I want to talk about the bills, because they are not mine,\'92 I said. \'91I mean, please, seriously, we need to track this down.\'92\
\
\'91We\'92ll track it down, no problem,\'92 Boney said, expressionless. \'91Noelle Hawthorne?\'92\
\
\'91Right. I told you to check her out because she\'92s been all over town, wailing about Amy.\'92\
\
Boney arched an eyebrow. \'91You seem angry about that.\'92\
\
\'91No, like I told you, she seems a little too broken up, like in a fake way. Ostentatious. Attention-seeking. A little obsessed.\'92\
\
\'91We talked to Noelle,\'92 Boney said. \'91Says your wife was extremely troubled by the marriage, was upset about the money stuff, that she worried you\'92d married her for her money. She says your wife worried about your temper.\'92\
\
\'91I don\'92t know why Noelle would say that; I don\'92t think she and Amy ever exchanged more than five words.\'92\
\
\'91That\'92s funny, because the Hawthornes\'92 living room is covered with photos of Noelle and your wife.\'92 Boney frowned. I frowned too: actual real pictures of her and Amy?\
\
Boney continued: \'91At the St. Louis zoo last October, on a picnic with the triplets, on a weekend float trip this past June. As in last month.\'92\
\
\'91Amy has never uttered the name Noelle in the entire time we\'92ve lived here. I\'92m serious.\'92 I scanned my brain over this past June and came upon a weekend I went away with Andie, told Amy I was doing a boys\'92 trip to St. Louis. I\'92d returned home to find her pink-cheeked and angry, claiming a weekend of bad cable and bored reading on the deck. And she was on a float trip? No. I couldn\'92t think of anything Amy would care for less than the typical midwestern float trip: beers bobbing in coolers tied to canoes, loud music, drunk frat boys, campgrounds dotted with vomit. \'91Are you sure it was my wife in those photos?\'92\
\
They gave each other a he serious? look.\
\
\'91Nick,\'92 Boney said. \'91We have no reason to believe that the woman in the photos who looks exactly like your wife and who Noelle Hawthorne, a mother of three, your wife\'92s best friend here in town, says is your wife, is not your wife.\'92\
\
\'91Your wife who \'96 I should say \'96 according to Noelle, you married for money,\'92 Gilpin added.\
\
\'91I\'92m not joking,\'92 I said. \'91Anyone these days can doctor photos on a laptop.\'92\
\
\'91Okay, so a minute ago you were sure Desi Collings was involved, and now you\'92ve moved on to Noelle Hawthorne,\'92 Gilpin said. \'91It seems like you\'92re really casting about for someone to blame.\'92\
\
\'91Besides me? Yes, I am. Look, I did not marry Amy for her money. You really should talk more with Amy\'92s parents. They know me, they know my character.\'92 They don\'92t know everything, I thought, my stomach seizing. Boney was watching me; she looked sort of sorry for me. Gilpin didn\'92t even seem to be listening.\
\
\'91You bumped up the life insurance coverage on your wife to one-point-two million,\'92 Gilpin said with mock weariness. He even pulled a hand over his long, thin-jawed face.\
\
\'91Amy did that herself!\'92 I said quickly. The cops both just looked at me and waited. \'91I mean, I filed the paperwork, but it was Amy\'92s idea. She insisted. I swear, I couldn\'92t care less, but Amy said \'96 she said, given the change in her income, it made her feel more secure or something, or it was a smart business decision. Fuck, I don\'92t know, I don\'92t know why she wanted it. I didn\'92t ask her to.\'92\
\
\'91Two months ago, someone did a search on your laptop,\'92 Boney continued. \'91Body Float Mississippi River. Can you explain that?\'92\
\
I took two deep breaths, nine seconds to pull myself together.\
\
\'91God, that was just a dumb book idea,\'92 I said. \'91I was thinking about writing a book.\'92\
\
\'91Huh,\'92 Boney replied.\
\
\'91Look, here\'92s what I think is happening,\'92 I began. \'91I think a lot of people watch these news programs where the husband is always this awful guy who kills his wife, and they are seeing me through that lens, and some really innocent, normal things are being twisted. This is turning into a witch hunt.\'92\
\
\'91That\'92s how you explain those credit-card bills?\'92 Gilpin asked.\
\
\'91I told you, I can\'92t explain the fucking credit-card bills because I have nothing to do with them. It\'92s your fucking job to figure out where they came from!\'92\
\
They sat silent, side by side, waiting.\
\
\'91What is currently being done to find my wife?\'92 I asked. \'91What leads are you exploring, besides me?\'92\
\
The house began shaking, the sky ripped, and through the back window, we could see a jet shooting past, right over the river, buzzing us.\
\
\'91F-10,\'92 Rhonda said.\
\
\'91Nah, too small,\'92 Gilpin said. \'91It\'92s got to be\'97\'92\
\
\'91It\'92s an F-10.\'92\
\
Boney leaned toward me, hands entwined. \'91It\'92s our job to make sure you are in the hundred percent clear, Nick,\'92 she said. \'91I know you want that too. Now if you can just help us out with the few little tangles \'96 because that\'92s what they are, they keep tripping us up.\'92\
\
\'91Maybe it\'92s time I got a lawyer.\'92\
\
The cops exchanged another look, as if they\'92d settled a bet.\
\
\
\
\
}