{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 NICK DUNNE\
\
\
SEVEN DAYS GONE\
\
\
\
I had to phone Tanner, my brand-new lawyer, mere hours after I\'92d hired him, and say the words that would make him regret taking my money: I think my wife is framing me. I couldn\'92t see his face, but I could imagine it \'96 the eye roll, the grimace, the weariness of a man who hears nothing but lies for a living.\
\
\'91Well,\'92 he finally said after a gaping pause, \'91I\'92ll be there first thing tomorrow morning, and we will sort this out \'96 everything on the table \'96 and in the meantime, sit tight, okay? Go to sleep and sit tight.\'92\
\
Go took his advice, she popped two sleeping pills and left me just before eleven, while I literally sat tight, in an angry ball on her couch. Every so often I\'92d go outside and glare at the woodshed, my hands on my hips, as if it were a predator I could scare off. I\'92m not sure what I thought I was accomplishing, but I couldn\'92t stop myself. I could stay seated for five minutes, tops, before I\'92d have to go back outside and stare.\
\
I had just come back inside when a knock rattled the back door. Fucking Christ. Not quite midnight. Cops would come to the front \'96 right? \'96 and reporters had yet to stake out Go\'92s (this would change, a matter of days, hours). I was standing, unnerved, undecided, in the living room when the banging came again, louder, and I cursed under my breath, tried to get myself angry instead of scared. Deal with it, Dunne.\
\
I flung open the door. It was Andie. It was goddamn Andie, pretty as a picture, dressed up for the occasion, still not getting it \'96 that she was going to put my neck right in the noose.\
\
\'91Right in the noose, Andie.\'92 I yanked her inside, and she stared at my hand on her arm. \'91You are going to put my neck right in the fucking noose.\'92\
\
\'91I came to the back door,\'92 she said. When I stared her down, she didn\'92t apologize, she steeled herself. I could literally see her features harden. \'91I needed to see you, Nick. I told you. I told you I had to see you or talk to you every day, and today you disappeared. Straight to voice mail, straight to voice mail, straight to voice mail.\'92\
\
\'91If you don\'92t hear from me, it\'92s because I can\'92t talk, Andie. Jesus, I was in New York, getting a lawyer. He\'92ll be here first thing tomorrow.\'92\
\
\'91You got a lawyer. That was what kept you so busy that you couldn\'92t call me for ten seconds?\'92\
\
I wanted to smack her. I took a breath. I had to cut things off with Andie. It wasn\'92t just Tanner\'92s warning I had in mind. My wife knew me: She knew I\'92d do almost anything to avoid dealing with confrontation. Amy was depending on me to be stupid, to let the relationship linger \'96 and to ultimately be caught. I had to end it. But I had to do it perfectly. Make her believe that this was the decent thing.\
\
\'91He\'92s actually given me some important advice,\'92 I began. \'91Advice I can\'92t ignore.\'92\
\
I\'92d been so sweet and doting just last night, at my mandatory meeting in our pretend fort. I\'92d made so many promises, trying to calm her down. She wouldn\'92t see this coming. She wouldn\'92t take this well.\
\
\'91Advice? Good. Is it to stop being such an asshole to me?\'92\
\
I felt the rage rise up; that this was already turning into a high school fight. A thirty-four-year-old man in the middle of the worst night of my life, and I was having a meet me by the lockers! squabble with a pissed-off girl. I shook her once, hard, a tiny droplet of spit landing on her lower lip.\
\
\'91I\'97You don\'92t get it, Andie. This isn\'92t some joke, this is my life.\'92\
\
\'91I just \'85 I need you,\'92 she said, looking down at her hands. \'91I know I keep saying that, but I do. I can\'92t do it, Nick. I can\'92t go on like this. I\'92m falling apart. I\'92m so scared all the time.\'92\
\
She was scared. I pictured the police knocking, and here I was with a girl I\'92d been fucking the morning my wife went missing. I\'92d sought her out that day \'96 I had never gone to her apartment since that first night, but I went right there that morning, because I\'92d spent hours with my heart pounding behind my ears, trying to get myself to say the words to Amy: I want a divorce. I am in love with someone else. We have to end. I can\'92t pretend to love you, I can\'92t do the anniversary thing \'96 it would actually be more wrong than cheating on you in the first place. (I know: debatable.) But while I was gathering the guts, Amy had preempted me with her speech about still loving me (lying bitch!), and I lost my nerve. I felt like the ultimate cheat and coward, and \'96 the catch-22 \'96 I craved Andie to make me feel better.\
\
But Andie was no longer the antidote to my nerves. Quite the opposite.\
\
The girl was wrapping herself around me even now, oblivious as a weed.\
\
\'91Look, Andie,\'92 I said, a big exhale, not letting her sit down, keeping her near the door. \'91You are such a special person to me. You\'92ve handled all this so amazingly well\'97\'92 Make her want to keep you safe.\
\
\'91I mean \'85\'92 Her voice wavered. \'91I feel so sorry, for Amy. Which is insane. I know I don\'92t even have a right to feel sad for her, or worried. And on top of feeling sad, I feel so guilty.\'92 She leaned her head against my chest. I retreated, held her at arm\'92s length so she had to look at me.\
\
\'91Well, that\'92s one thing I think we can fix. I think we need to fix,\'92 I said, pulling up Tanner\'92s exact words.\
\
\'91We should go to the police,\'92 she said. \'91I\'92m your alibi for that morning, we\'92ll just tell them.\'92\
\
\'91You\'92re my alibi for about an hour that morning,\'92 I said. \'91No one saw or heard Amy after eleven p.m. the night before. The police can say I killed her before I saw you.\'92\
\
\'91That\'92s disgusting.\'92\
\
I shrugged. I thought, for a second, about telling her about Amy \'96 my wife is framing me \'96 and quickly dismissed it. Andie couldn\'92t play the game on Amy\'92s level. She\'92d want to be my teammate, and she\'92d drag me down. Andie would be a liability going forward. I put my hands on her arms again, relaunched my speech.\
\
\'91Look, Andie, we are both under an amazing amount of stress and pressure, and a lot of it is brought on by our feelings of guilt. Andie, the thing is, we are good people. We were attracted to each other, I think, because we both have similar values. Of treating people right, of doing the right thing. And right now we know what we are doing is wrong.\'92\
\
Her broken, hopeful expression changed \'96 the wet eyes, the gentle touch, they disappeared: a weird flicker, a window shade pulled down, something darker in her face.\
\
\'91We need to end this, Andie. I think we both know that. It\'92s so hard, but it\'92s the decent thing to do. I think it\'92s the advice we\'92d give ourselves if we could think straight. As much as I love you, I am still married to Amy. I have to do the right thing.\'92\
\
\'91And if she\'92s found?\'92 She didn\'92t say dead or alive.\
\
\'91That\'92s something we can discuss then.\'92\
\
\'91Then! And until then, what?\'92\
\
I shrugged helplessly: Until then, nothing.\
\
\'91What, Nick? I fuck off until then?\'92\
\
\'91That\'92s an ugly choice of words.\'92\
\
\'91But that\'92s what you mean.\'92 She smirked.\
\
\'91I\'92m sorry, Andie. I don\'92t think it\'92s right for me to be with you right now. It\'92s dangerous for you, it\'92s dangerous for me. It doesn\'92t sit well with my conscience. It\'92s just how I feel.\'92\
\
\'91Yeah? You know how I feel?\'92 Her eyes burst over, tears streaming down her cheeks. \'91I feel like a dumb college girl that you started fucking because you were bored with your wife and I made it extremely convenient for you. You could go home to Amy and eat dinner with her and play around in your little bar that you bought with her money, and then you could meet me at your dying dad\'92s house and jack off on my tits because, poor you, your mean wife would never let you do that.\'92\
\
\'91Andie, you know that\'92s not\'97\'92\
\
\'91What a shit you are. What kind of man are you?\'92\
\
\'91Andie, please.\'92 Contain this, Nick. \'91I think because you haven\'92t been able to talk about this stuff, everything has gotten a little bigger in your mind, a little\'97\'92\
\
\'91Fuck you. You think I\'92m some dumb kid, some pathetic student you can manage? I stick by you through all this \'96 this talk about how you might be a murderer \'96 and as soon as it\'92s a little tough for you? No, no. You don\'92t get to talk about conscience and decency and guilt and feel like you are doing the right thing. Do you understand me? Because you are a cheating, cowardly, selfish shit.\'92\
\
She turned away from me, sobbing, sucking in loud gulps of moist air, and breathing out mewls, and I tried to stop her, I grabbed her by the arm. \'91Andie, this isn\'92t how I want to\'97\'92\
\
\'91Hands off me! Hands off me!\'92\
\
She moved toward the back door, and I could see what would happen, the hatred and embarrassment coming off her like heat, I knew she\'92d open a bottle of wine, or two, and then she\'92d tell a friend, or her mother, and it would spread like an infection.\
\
I moved in front of her, barring her way to the door \'96 Andie, please \'96 and she reached up to slap me, and I grabbed her arm, just for defense. Our joined arms moved up and down and up and down like crazed dance partners.\
\
\'91Let me go, Nick, or I swear.\'92\
\
\'91Just stay for a minute. Just listen to me.\'92\
\
\'91You, let me go!\'92\
\
She moved her face toward mine like she was going to kiss me. She bit me. I jerked back and she shot out the door.\
\
\
\
\
}