{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 NICK DUNNE\
\
\
EIGHT DAYS GONE\
\
\
\
As the sun came up, I held an ice cube to my cheek. Hours later, and I could still feel the bite: two little staple-shaped creases. I couldn\'92t go after Andie \'96 a worse risk than her wrath \'96 so I finally phoned her. Voice mail.\
\
Contain, this must be contained.\
\
\'91Andie, I am so sorry, I don\'92t know what to do, I don\'92t know what\'92s going on. Please forgive me. Please.\'92\
\
I shouldn\'92t have left a voice mail, but then I thought: She may have hundreds of my voice mails saved, for all I know. Good God, if she played a hit list of the raunchiest, nastiest, smittenist \'85 any woman on any jury would send me away just for that. It\'92s one thing to know I\'92m a cheat and another to hear my heavy teacher voice telling a young co-ed about my giant, hard\'97\
\
I blushed in the dawn light. The ice cube melted.\
\
I sat on Go\'92s front steps, began phoning Andie every ten minutes, got nothing. I was sleepless, my nerves barbwired, when Boney pulled in to the driveway at 6:12 a.m. I said nothing as she walked toward me, bearing two Styrofoam cups.\
\
\'91Hey, Nick, I brought you some coffee. Just came over to check on you.\'92\
\
\'91I bet.\'92\
\
\'91I know you\'92re probably reeling. From the news about the pregnancy.\'92 She made an elaborate show of pouring two creamers into my coffee, the way I like it, and handed it to me. \'91What\'92s that?\'92 she said, pointing to my cheek.\
\
\'91What do you mean?\'92\
\
\'91I mean, Nick, what is wrong with your face? There\'92s a giant pink \'85\'92 She leaned in closer, grabbed my chin. \'91It\'92s like a bite mark.\'92\
\
\'91It must be hives. I get hives when I\'92m stressed.\'92\
\
\'91Mm-hmmm.\'92 She stirred her coffee. \'91You do know I\'92m on your side, right, Nick?\'92\
\
\'91Right.\'92\
\
\'91I am. Truly. I wish you\'92d trust me. I just \'96 I\'92m getting to the point where I won\'92t be able to help you if you don\'92t trust me. I know that sounds like a cop line, but it\'92s the truth.\'92\
\
We sat in a strange semi-companionable silence, sipping coffee.\
\
\'91Hey, so I wanted you to know before you hear it anywhere,\'92 she said brightly. \'91We found Amy\'92s purse.\'92\
\
\'91What?\'92\
\
\'91Yep, no cash left, but her ID, cell phone. In Hannibal, of all places. On the banks of the river, south of the steamboat landing. Our guess: Someone wanted to make it look like it\'92d been tossed in the river by the perp on the way out of town, heading over the bridge into Illinois.\'92\
\
\'91Make it look like?\'92\
\
\'91It had never been fully submerged. There are fingerprints still at the top, near the zipper. Now sometimes fingerprints can hold on even in water, but \'85 I\'92ll spare you the science, I\'92ll just say, the theory is, this purse was kinda settled on the banks to make sure it was found.\'92\
\
\'91Sounds like you\'92re telling me this for a reason,\'92 I said.\
\
\'91The fingerprints we found were yours, Nick. Which isn\'92t that crazy \'96 men get into their wives\'92 purses all the time. But still\'97\'92 She laughed as if she got a great idea. \'91I gotta ask: You haven\'92t been to Hannibal recently, have you?\'92\
\
She said it with such casual confidence, I had a flash: a police tracker hidden somewhere in the undercarriage of my car, released to me the morning I went to Hannibal.\
\
\'91Why, exactly, would I go to Hannibal to get rid of my wife\'92s purse?\'92\
\
\'91Say you\'92d killed your wife and staged the crime scene in your home, trying to get us to think she was attacked by an outsider. But then you realized we were beginning to suspect you, so you wanted to plant something to get us to look outside again. That\'92s the theory. But at this point, some of my guys are so sure you did it, they\'92d find any theory that fit. So let me help you: You in Hannibal lately?\'92\
\
I shook my head. \'91You need to talk to my lawyer. Tanner Bolt.\'92\
\
\'91Tanner Bolt? You sure that\'92s the way you want to go, Nick? I feel like we\'92ve been pretty fair with you so far, pretty open. Bolt, he\'92s a \'85 he\'92s a last-ditch guy. He\'92s the guy guilty people call in.\'92\
\
\'91Huh. Well, I\'92m clearly your lead suspect, Rhonda. I have to look out for myself.\'92\
\
\'91Let\'92s all get together when he gets in, okay? Talk this through.\'92\
\
\'91Definitely \'96 that\'92s our plan.\'92\
\
\'91A man with a plan,\'92 Boney said. \'91I\'92ll look forward to it.\'92 She stood up, and as she walked away, she called back: \'91Witch hazel\'92s good for hives.\'92\
\
An hour later, the doorbell rang, and Tanner Bolt stood there in a baby-blue suit, and something told me it was the look he wore when he went \'91down South.\'92 He was inspecting the neighborhood, eyeing the cars in the driveways, assessing the houses. He reminded me of the Elliotts, in a way \'96 examining and analysing at all times. A brain with no off switch.\
\
\'91Show me,\'92 Tanner said before I could greet him. \'91Point me toward the shed \'96 do not come with me, and do not go near it again. Then you\'92ll tell me everything.\'92\
\
We settled down at the kitchen table \'96 me, Tanner, and a just-woken Go, huddling over her first cup of coffee. I spread out all of Amy\'92s clues like some awful tarot-card reader.\
\
Tanner leaned toward me, his neck muscles tense. \'91Okay, Nick, make your case,\'92 he said. \'91Your wife orchestrated this whole thing. Make the case!\'92 He jabbed his index finger on the table. \'91Because I\'92m not moving forward with my dick in one hand and a wild story about a frame-up in the other. Unless you convince me. Unless it works.\'92\
\
I took a deep breath and gathered my thoughts. I was always better at writing than talking. \'91Before we start,\'92 I said, \'91you have to understand one very key thing about Amy: She is fucking brilliant. Her brain is so busy, it never works on just one level. She\'92s like this endless archaeological dig: You think you\'92ve reached the final layer, and then you bring down your pick one more time, and you break through to a whole new mine shaft beneath. With a maze of tunnels and bottomless pits.\'92\
\
\'91Fine,\'92 Tanner said. \'91So \'85\'92\
\
\'91The second thing you need to know about Amy is, she is righteous. She is one of those people who is never wrong, and she loves to teach lessons, dole out punishment.\'92\
\
\'91Right, fine, so \'85\'92\
\
\'91Let me tell you a story, one quick story. About three years ago, we were driving up to Massachusetts. It was awful, road-rage traffic, and this trucker flipped Amy off \'96 she wouldn\'92t let him in \'96 and then he zoomed up and cut her off. Nothing dangerous, but really scary for a second. You know those signs on the back of trucks: How Am I Driving? She had me call and give them the license plate. I thought that was the end of it. Two months later \'96 two months later \'96 I walked into our bedroom, and Amy was on the phone, repeating that license plate. She had a whole story: She was traveling with her two-year-old, and the driver had nearly run her off the road. She said it was her fourth call. She said she\'92d even researched the company\'92s routes so she could pick the correct highways for her fake near-accidents. She thought of everything. She was really proud. She was going to get that guy fired.\'92\
\
\'91Jesus, Nick,\'92 Go muttered.\
\
\'91That\'92s a very \'85 enlightening story, Nick,\'92 Tanner said.\
\
\'91It\'92s just an example.\'92\
\
\'91So, now, help me put this all together,\'92 he said. \'91Amy finds out you\'92re cheating. She fakes her death. She makes the supposed crime scene look just fishy enough to raise eyebrows. She\'92s screwed you over with the credit cards and the life insurance and your little man-cave situation out back \'85\'92\
\
\'91She picks an argument with me the night before she goes missing, and she does it standing near an open window so our neighbor will hear.\'92\
\
\'91What was the argument?\'92\
\
\'91I am a selfish asshole. Basically, the same one we always have. What our neighbor doesn\'92t hear is Amy apologizing later \'96 because Amy doesn\'92t want her to hear that. I mean, I remember being astonished, because it was the quickest makeup we\'92ve ever had. By the morning she was freakin\'92 making me crepes, for crying out loud.\'92\
\
I saw her again at the stove, licking powdered sugar off her thumb, humming to herself, and I pictured me, walking over to her and shaking her until\'97\
\
\'91Okay, and the treasure hunt?\'92 Tanner said. \'91What\'92s the theory there?\'92\
\
Each clue was unfolded on the table. Tanner picked up a few and let them drop.\
\
\'91Those are all just bonus fuck-yous,\'92 I said. \'91I know my wife, believe me. She knew she had to do a treasure hunt or it would look fishy. So she does it, and of course it has eighteen different meanings. Look at the first clue.\'92\
\
I picture myself as your student,\
\
With a teacher so handsome and wise\
\
My mind opens up (not to mention my thighs!)\
\
If I were your pupil, there\'92d be no need for flowers\
\
Maybe just a naughty appointment during your office hours\
\
So hurry up, get going, please do\
\
And this time I\'92ll teach you a thing or two.\
\
\'91It\'92s pure Amy. I read this, I think: Hey, my wife is flirting with me. No. She\'92s actually referring to my \'85 infidelity with Andie. Fuck-you number one. So I go there, to my office, with Gilpin, and what\'92s waiting for me? A pair of women\'92s underwear. Not even close to Amy\'92s size \'96 the cops kept asking everyone what size Amy wore, I couldn\'92t figure out why.\'92\
\
\'91But Amy had no way of knowing Gilpin would be with you.\'92 Tanner frowned.\
\
\'91It\'92s a damn good bet,\'92 Go interrupted. \'91Clue One was part of the actual crime scene \'96 so the cops would know about it \'96 and she has the words office hours right in it. It\'92s logical they\'92d go there, with or without Nick.\'92\
\
\'91So whose panties are they?\'92 Tanner asked. Go squinched her nose at the word panties.\
\
\'91Who knows?\'92 I said. \'91I\'92d assumed they were Andie\'92s, but \'85 Amy probably just bought them. The main point is they\'92re not Amy\'92s size. They lead anyone to believe something inappropriate happened in my office with someone who is not my wife. Fuck-you number two.\'92\
\
\'91And if the cops weren\'92t with you when you went to the office?\'92 Tanner asked. \'91Or no one noticed the panties?\'92\
\
\'91She doesn\'92t care, Tanner! This treasure hunt, it\'92s as much for her amusement as anything. She doesn\'92t need it. She\'92s overdone it all just to make sure there are a million damning little clues in circulation. Again, you\'92ve got to know my wife: She\'92s a belt-and-suspenders type.\'92\
\
\'91Okay. Clue Two,\'92 Tanner said.\
\
Picture me: I\'92m crazy about you\
\
My future is anything but hazy with you\
\
You took me here so I could hear you chat\
\
About your boyhood adventures: crummy jeans and visor hat\
\
Screw everyone else, for us they\'92re all ditched\
\
And let\'92s sneak a kiss \'85 pretend we just got hitched.\
\
\'91This is Hannibal,\'92 I said. \'91Amy and I visited there once, so that\'92s how I read it, but it\'92s also another place where I had \'85 relations with Andie.\'92\
\
\'91And you didn\'92t get a red flag?\'92 Tanner said.\
\
\'91No, not yet, I was too moony about the notes Amy had written me. God, the girl knows me cold. She knows exactly what I want to hear. You are brilliant. You are witty. And how fun for her to know that she could fuck with my head like that still. Long-distance, even. I mean, I was \'85 Christ, I was practically falling in love with her again.\'92\
\
My throat hitched for a moment. The goofy story about her friend Insley\'92s half-dressed, disgusting baby. Amy knew that was what I had loved most about us back when I loved us: not the big moments, not the Romantic with capital-R moments, but our secret inside jokes. And now she was using them all against me.\
\
\'91And guess what?\'92 I said. \'91They just found Amy\'92s purse in Hannibal. I\'92m sure as hell someone can place me there. Hell, I paid for my tour ticket with my credit card. So again, here is this piece of evidence, and Amy making sure I can be linked to it.\'92\
\
\'91What if no one found the purse?\'92 Tanner asked.\
\
\'91Doesn\'92t matter,\'92 Go said. \'91She\'92s keeping Nick running in circles, she\'92s amusing herself. I\'92m sure she was happy just knowing what a guilt trip it must be for Nick to be reading all these sweet notes when he knows he\'92s a cheat and she\'92s gone missing.\'92\
\
I tried not to wince at her disgusted tone: cheat.\
\
\'91What if Gilpin were still with Nick when he went to Hannibal?\'92 Tanner persisted. \'91What if Gilpin were with Nick the whole time, so he knew that Nick didn\'92t plant the purse then?\'92\
\
\'91Amy knows me well enough to know I\'92d ditch Gilpin. She knows I wouldn\'92t want a stranger watching me read this stuff, gauging my reactions.\'92\
\
\'91Really? How do you know that?\'92\
\
\'91I just do.\'92 I shrugged. I knew, I just knew.\
\
\'91Clue Three,\'92 I said, and pushed it into Tanner\'92s hand.\
\
Maybe you feel guilty for bringing me here\
\
I must admit it felt a bit queer\
\
But it\'92s not like we had the choice of many a place\
\
We made the decision: We made this our space.\
\
Let\'92s take our love to this little brown house\
\
Gimme some goodwill, you hot lovin\'92 spouse.\
\
\'91See, I misread this, thinking that bringing me here meant Carthage, but again, she\'92s referring to my father\'92s house, and\'97\'92\
\
\'91It\'92s yet another place where you fucked this Andie girl,\'92 Tanner said. He turned to my sister. \'91Pardon the vulgarity.\'92\
\
Go gave a no-problem flick of her hand.\
\
Tanner continued: \'91So, Nick. There are incriminating women\'92s panties in your office, where you fucked Andie, and there is Amy\'92s incriminating purse in Hannibal, where you fucked Andie, and there is an incriminating treasure trove of secret credit-card purchases in the woodshed, where you fucked Andie.\'92\
\
\'91Uh, yeah. Yes, that\'92s right.\'92\
\
\'91So what\'92s at your dad\'92s house?\'92\
\
\
\
\
}