{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 NICK DUNNE\
\
\
THIRTY DAYS AFTER THE RETURN\
\
\
\
Amy thinks she\'92s in control, but she\'92s very wrong. Or: She will be very wrong.\
\
Boney and Go and I are working together. The cops, the FBI, no one else is showing much interest anymore. But yesterday Boney called out of the blue. She didn\'92t identify herself when I picked up, just started in like an old friend: Take you for a cup of coffee? I grabbed Go, and we met Boney back at the Pancake House. She was already at the booth when we arrived, and she stood and smiled somewhat weakly. She\'92d been getting pummeled in the press. We did an awkward, group-wide hug-or-handshake shuffle. Boney settled for a nod.\
\
First thing she said to me once we got our food: \'91I have one daughter. Thirteen years old. Mia. For Mia Hamm. She was born the day we won the World Cup. So, that\'92s my daughter.\'92\
\
I raised my eyebrows: How interesting. Tell me more.\
\
\'91You asked that one day, and I didn\'92t \'85 I was rude. I\'92d been sure you were innocent, and then \'85 everything said you weren\'92t, so I was pissed. That I could be that fooled. So I didn\'92t even want to say my daughter\'92s name around you.\'92 She poured us out coffee from the thermos.\
\
\'91So, it\'92s Mia,\'92 she said.\
\
\'91Well, thank you,\'92 I said.\
\
\'91No, I mean \'85 Crap.\'92 She exhaled upward, a hard gust that fluttered her bangs. \'91I mean: I know Amy framed you. I know she murdered Desi Collings. I know it. I just can\'92t prove it.\'92\
\
\'91What is everyone else doing while you\'92re actually working the case?\'92 Go asked.\
\
\'91There is no case. They\'92re moving on. Gilpin is totally checked out. I basically got the word from on high: Shut this shit down. Shut it down. We look like giant, rube, redneck jackasses in the national media. I can\'92t do anything unless I get something from you, Nick. You got anything?\'92\
\
I shrugged. \'91I got everything you got. She confessed to me, but\'97\'92\
\
\'91She confessed?\'92 she said. \'91Well, hell, Nick, we\'92ll wire you.\'92\
\
\'91It won\'92t work. It won\'92t work. She thinks of everything. I mean, she knows police procedure cold. She studies, Rhonda.\'92\
\
She poured electric-blue syrup over her waffles. I stuck the tines of my fork in my bulbous egg yolk and swirled it, smearing the sun.\
\
\'91It drives me crazy when you call me Rhonda.\'92\
\
\'91She studies, Ms Detective Boney.\'92\
\
She blew her breath upward, fluttered her bangs again. Took a bite of pancake. \'91I couldn\'92t get a wire anyway at this point.\'92\
\
\'91Come on, there has to be something, you guys,\'92 Go snapped. \'91Nick, why the hell are you staying in that house if you aren\'92t getting something?\'92\
\
\'91It takes time, Go. I have to get her to trust me again. If she starts telling me things casually, when we\'92re not both stark naked\'97\'92\
\
Boney rubbed her eyes and addressed Go: \'91Do I even want to ask?\'92\
\
\'91They always have their talks naked in the shower with the water running,\'92 Go said. \'91Can\'92t you bug the shower somewhere?\'92\
\
\'91She whispers in my ear, on top of the shower running,\'92 I said.\
\
\'91She does study,\'92 Boney said. \'91She really does. I went over that car she drove back, Desi\'92s Jag. I had \'92em check the trunk, where she swore Desi had stowed her when he kidnapped her. I figured there\'92d be nothing there \'96 we\'92d catch her in a lie. She rolled around in the trunk, Nick. Her scent was detected by our dogs. And we found three long blond hairs. Long blond hairs. Hers before she cut it. How she did that\'97\'92\
\
\'91Foresight. I\'92m sure she had a bag of them so if she needed to leave them somewhere to damn me, she could.\'92\
\
\'91Good God, can you imagine having her for a mother? You could never fib. She\'92d be three steps ahead of you, always.\'92\
\
\'91Boney, can you imagine having her for a wife?\'92\
\
\'91She\'92ll crack,\'92 she said. \'91At some point, she\'92ll crack.\'92\
\
\'91She won\'92t,\'92 I said. \'91Can\'92t I just testify against her?\'92\
\
\'91You have no credibility,\'92 Boney said. \'91Your only credibility comes from Amy. She\'92s single-handedly rehabilitated you. And she can single-handedly undo it. If she comes out with the antifreeze story \'85\'92\
\
\'91I need to find the vomit,\'92 I said. \'91If I got rid of the vomit and we exposed more of her lies \'85\'92\
\
\'91We should go through the diary,\'92 Go said. \'91Seven years of entries? There have to be discrepancies.\'92\
\
\'91We asked Rand and Marybeth to go through it, see if anything seemed off to them,\'92 Boney said. \'91You can guess how that went. I thought Marybeth was going to scratch my eyes out.\'92\
\
\'91What about Jacqueline Collings, or Tommy O\'92Hara, or Hilary Handy?\'92 Go said. \'91They all know the real Amy. There has to be something there.\'92\
\
Boney shook her head. \'91Believe me, it\'92s not enough. They\'92re all less credible than Amy. It\'92s pure public opinion, but right now that\'92s what the department is looking at: public opinion.\'92\
\
She was right. Jacqueline Collings had popped up on a few cable shows, insisting on her son\'92s innocence. She always started off steady, but her mother\'92s love worked against her: She soon came across as a grieving woman desperate to believe the best of her son, and the more the hosts pitied her, the more she snapped and snarled, and the more unsympathetic she became. She got written off quickly. Both Tommy O\'92Hara and Hilary Handy called me, furious that Amy remained unpunished, determined to tell their story, but no one wanted to hear from two unhinged former anythings. Hold tight, I told them, we\'92re working on it. Hilary and Tommy and Jacqueline and Boney and Go and I, we\'92d have our moment. I told myself I believed it.\
\
\'91What if we at least got Andie?\'92 I asked. \'91Got her to testify that everywhere Amy hid a clue was a place where we\'92d, you know, had sex? Andie\'92s credible; people love her.\'92\
\
Andie had reverted to her old cheery self after Amy returned. I know that only from the occasional tabloid snapshot. From these, I know she has been dating a guy her age, a cute, shaggy kid with earbuds forever dangling from his neck. They look nice together, young and healthy. The press adored them. The best headline: Love Finds Andie Hardy!, a 1938 Mickey Rooney movie pun only about twenty people would get. I sent her a text: I\'92m sorry. For everything. I didn\'92t hear back. Good for her. I mean that sincerely.\
\
\'91Coincidence.\'92 Boney shrugged. \'91I mean, weird coincidence, but \'85 it\'92s not impressive enough to move forward. Not in this climate. You need to get your wife to tell you something useful, Nick. You\'92re our only chance here.\'92\
\
Go slammed down her coffee. \'91I can\'92t believe we\'92re having this conversation,\'92 she said. \'91Nick, I don\'92t want you in that house anymore. You\'92re not an undercover cop, you know. It\'92s not your job. You are living with a murderer. Fucking leave. I\'92m sorry, but who gives a shit that she killed Desi? I don\'92t want her to kill you. I mean, someday you burn her grilled cheese, and the next thing you know, my phone\'92s ringing and you\'92ve taken an awful fall from the roof or some shit. Leave.\'92\
\
\'91I can\'92t. Not yet. She\'92ll never really let me go. She likes the game too much.\'92\
\
\'91Then stop playing it.\'92\
\
I can\'92t. I\'92m getting so much better at it. I will stay close to her until I can bring her down. I\'92m the only one left who can do it. Someday she\'92ll slip and tell me something I can use. A week ago I moved into our bedroom. We don\'92t have sex, we barely touch, but we are husband and wife in a marital bed, which appeases Amy for now. I stroke her hair. I take a strand between my finger and thumb, and I pull it to the end and tug, like I\'92m ringing a bell, and we both like that. Which is a problem.\
\
We pretend to be in love, and we do the things we like to do when we\'92re in love, and it feels almost like love sometimes, because we are so perfectly putting ourselves through the paces. Reviving the muscle memory of early romance. When I forget \'96 I can sometimes briefly forget who my wife is \'96 I actually like hanging out with her. Or the her she is pretending to be. The fact is, my wife is a murderess who is sometimes really fun. May I give one example? One night I flew in lobster like the old days, and she pretended to chase me with it, and I pretended to hide, and then we both at the same time made an Annie Hall joke, and it was so perfect, so the way it was supposed to be, that I had to leave the room for a second. My heart was beating in my ears. I had to repeat my mantra: Amy killed a man, and she will kill you if you are not very, very careful. My wife, the very fun, beautiful murderess, will do me harm if I displease her. I find myself jittery in my own house: I will be making a sandwich, standing in the kitchen midday, licking the peanut butter off the knife, and I will turn and find Amy in the same room with me \'96 those quiet little cat feet \'96 and I will quiver. Me, Nick Dunne, the man who used to forget so many details, is now the guy who replays conversations to make sure I didn\'92t offend, to make sure I never hurt her feelings. I write down everything about her day, her likes and dislikes, in case she quizzes me. I am a great husband because I am very afraid she may kill me.\
\
We\'92ve never had a conversation about my paranoia, because we\'92re pretending to be in love and I\'92m pretending not to be frightened of her. But she\'92s made glancing mentions of it: You know, Nick, you can sleep in bed with me, like, actually sleep. It will be okay. I promise. What happened with Desi was an isolated incident. Close your eyes and sleep.\
\
But I know I\'92ll never sleep again. I can\'92t close my eyes when I\'92m next to her. It\'92s like sleeping with a spider.\
\
\
\
\
}