{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 NICK DUNNE\
\
\
THE NIGHT OF\
\
\
\
Boney and Gilpin moved our interview to the police station, which looks like a failing community bank. They left me alone in a little room for forty minutes, me willing myself not to move. To pretend to be calm is to be calm, in a way. I slouched over the table, put my chin on my arm. Waited.\
\
\'91Do you want to call Amy\'92s parents?\'92 Boney had asked.\
\
\'91I don\'92t want to panic them,\'92 I said. \'91If we don\'92t hear from her in an hour, I\'92ll call.\'92\
\
We\'92d done three rounds of that conversation.\
\
Finally, the cops came in and sat at the table across from me. I fought the urge to laugh at how much it felt like a TV show. This was the same room I\'92d seen surfing through late-night cable for the past ten years, and the two cops \'96 weary, intense \'96 acted like the stars. Totally fake. Epcot Police Station. Boney was even holding a paper coffee cup and a manila folder that looked like a prop. Cop prop. I felt giddy, felt for a moment we were all pretend people: Let\'92s play the Missing Wife game!\
\
\'91You okay there, Nick?\'92 Boney asked.\
\
\'91I\'92m okay, why?\'92\
\
\'91You\'92re smiling.\'92\
\
The giddiness slid to the tiled floor. \'91I\'92m sorry, it\'92s all just\'97\'92\
\
\'91I know,\'92 Boney said, giving me a look that was like a hand pat. \'91It\'92s too strange, I know.\'92 She cleared her throat. \'91First of all, we want to make sure you\'92re comfortable here. You need anything, just let us know. The more information you can give us right now, the better, but you can leave at any time, that\'92s not a problem, either.\'92\
\
\'91Whatever you need.\'92\
\
\'91Okay, great, thank you,\'92 she said. \'91Um, okay. I want to get the annoying stuff out of the way first. The crap stuff. If your wife was indeed abducted \'96 and we don\'92t know that, but if it comes to that \'96 we want to catch the guy, and when we catch the guy, we want to nail him, hard. No way out. No wiggle room.\'92\
\
\'91Right.\'92\
\
\'91So we have to rule you out real quick, real easy. So the guy can\'92t come back and say we didn\'92t rule you out, you know what I mean?\'92\
\
I nodded mechanically. I didn\'92t really know what she meant, but I wanted to seem as cooperative as possible. \'91Whatever you need.\'92\
\
\'91We don\'92t want to freak you out,\'92 Gilpin added. \'91We just want to cover all the bases.\'92\
\
\'91Fine by me.\'92 It\'92s always the husband, I thought. Everyone knows it\'92s always the husband, so why can\'92t they just say it: We suspect you because you are the husband, and it\'92s always the husband. Just watch Dateline.\
\
\'91Okay, great, Nick,\'92 Boney said. \'91First let\'92s get a swab of the inside of your cheek so we can rule out all of the DNA in the house that isn\'92t yours. Would that be okay?\'92\
\
\'91Sure.\'92\
\
\'91I\'92d also like to take a quick sweep of your hands for gun shot residue. Again, just in case\'97\'92\
\
\'91Wait, wait, wait. Have you found something that makes you think my wife was\'97\'92\
\
\'91Nonono, Nick,\'92 Gilpin interrupted. He pulled a chair up to the table and sat on it backward. I wondered if cops actually did that. Or did some clever actor do that, and then cops began doing it because they\'92d seen the actors playing cops do that and it looked cool?\
\
\'91It\'92s just smart protocol,\'92 Gilpin continued. \'91We try to cover every base: Check your hands, get a swab, and if we could check out your car too \'85\'92\
\
\'91Of course. Like I said, whatever you need.\'92\
\
\'91Thank you, Nick. I really appreciate it. Sometimes guys, they make things hard for us just because they can.\'92\
\
I was exactly the opposite. My father had infused my childhood with unspoken blame; he was the kind of man who skulked around looking for things to be angry at. This had turned Go defensive and extremely unlikely to take unwarranted shit. It had turned me into a knee-jerk suckup to authority. Mom, Dad, teachers: Whatever makes your job easier, sir or madam. I craved a constant stream of approval. \'91You\'92d literally lie, cheat, and steal \'96 hell, kill \'96 to convince people you are a good guy,\'92 Go once said. We were in line for knishes at Yonah Schimmel\'92s, not far from Go\'92s old New York apartment \'96 that\'92s how well I remember the moment \'96 and I lost my appetite because it was so completely true and I\'92d never realized it, and even as she was saying it, I thought: I will never forget this, this is one of those moments that will be lodged in my brain forever.\
\
We made small talk, the cops and I, about the July Fourth fireworks and the weather, while my hands were tested for gunshot residue and the slick inside of my cheek was cotton-tipped. Pretending it was normal, a trip to the dentist.\
\
When it was done, Boney put another cup of coffee in front of me, squeezed my shoulder. \'91I\'92m sorry about that. Worst part of the job. You think you\'92re up to a few questions now? It\'92d really help us.\'92\
\
\'91Yes, definitely, fire away.\'92\
\
She placed a slim digital tape recorder on the table in front of me. \'91You mind? This way you won\'92t have to answer the same questions over and over and over \'85\'92 She wanted to tape me so I\'92d be nailed to one story. I should call a lawyer, I thought, but only guilty people need lawyers, so I nodded: No problem.\
\
\'91So: Amy,\'92 Boney said. \'91You two been living here how long?\'92\
\
\'91Just about two years.\'92\
\
\'91And she\'92s originally from New York. City.\'92\
\
\'91Yes.\'92\
\
\'91She work, got a job?\'92 Gilpin said.\
\
\'91No. She used to write personality quizzes.\'92\
\
The detectives swapped a look: Quizzes?\
\
\'91For teen magazines, women\'92s magazines,\'92 I said. \'91You know: \'93Are you the jealous type? Take our quiz and find out! Do guys find you too intimidating? Take our quiz and find out!\'94\'92\
\
\'91Very cool, I love those,\'92 Boney said. \'91I didn\'92t know that was an actual job. Writing those. Like, a career.\'92\
\
\'91Well, it\'92s not. Anymore. The Internet is packed with quizzes for free. Amy\'92s were smarter \'96 she had a master\'92s in psychology \'96 has a master\'92s in psychology.\'92 I guffawed uncomfortably at my gaffe. \'91But smart can\'92t beat free.\'92\
\
\'91Then what?\'92\
\
I shrugged. \'91Then we moved back here. She\'92s just kind of staying at home right now.\'92\
\
\'91Oh! You guys got kids, then?\'92 Boney chirped, as if she had discovered good news.\
\
\'91No.\'92\
\
\'91Oh. So then what does she do most days?\'92\
\
That was my question too. Amy was once a woman who did a little of everything, all the time. When we moved in together, she\'92d made an intense study of French cooking, displaying hyper-quick knife skills and an inspired boeuf bourguignon. For her thirty-fourth birthday, we flew to Barcelona, and she stunned me by rolling off trills of conversational Spanish, learned in months of secret lessons. My wife had a brilliant, popping brain, a greedy curiosity. But her obsessions tended to be fueled by competition: She needed to dazzle men and jealous-ify women: Of course Amy can cook French cuisine and speak fluent Spanish and garden and knit and run marathons and day-trade stocks and fly a plane and look like a runway model doing it. She needed to be Amazing Amy, all the time. Here in Missouri, the women shop at Target, they make diligent, comforting meals, they laugh about how little high school Spanish they remember. Competition doesn\'92t interest them. Amy\'92s relentless achieving is greeted with open-palmed acceptance and maybe a bit of pity. It was about the worst outcome possible for my competitive wife: A town of contented also-rans.\
\
\'91She has a lot of hobbies,\'92 I said.\
\
\'91Anything worrying you?\'92 Boney asked, looking worried. \'91You\'92re not concerned about drugs or drinking? I\'92m not speaking ill of your wife. A lot of housewives, more than you\'92d guess, they pass the day that way. The days, they get long when you\'92re by yourself. And if the drinking turns to drugs \'96 and I\'92m not talking heroin but even prescription painkillers \'96 well, there are some pretty awful characters selling around here right now.\'92\
\
\'91The drug trade has gotten bad,\'92 Gilpin said. \'91We\'92ve had a bunch of police layoffs \'96 one fifth of the force, and we were tight to begin with. I mean, it\'92s bad, we\'92re overrun.\'92\
\
\'91Had a housewife, nice lady, get a tooth knocked out last month over some Oxycontin,\'92 Boney prompted.\
\
\'91No, Amy might have a glass of wine or something, but not drugs.\'92\
\
Boney eyed me; this was clearly not the answer she wanted. \'91She have some good friends here? We\'92d like to call some of them, just make sure. No offense. Sometimes a spouse is the last to know when drugs are involved. People get ashamed, especially women.\'92\
\
Friends. In New York, Amy made and shed friends weekly; they were like her projects. She\'92d get intensely excited about them: Paula who gave her singing lessons and had a wicked good voice (Amy went to boarding school in Massachusetts; I loved the very occasional times she got all New England on me: wicked good); Jessie from the fashion-design course. But then I\'92d ask about Jessie or Paula a month later, and Amy would look at me like I was making up words.\
\
Then there were the men who were always rattling behind Amy, eager to do the husbandly things that her husband failed to do. Fix a chair leg, hunt down her favorite imported Asian tea. Men who she swore were her friends, just good friends. Amy kept them at exactly an arm\'92s distance \'96 far enough away that I couldn\'92t get too annoyed, close enough that she could crook a finger and they\'92d do her bidding.\
\
In Missouri \'85 good God, I really didn\'92t know. It only occurred to me just then. You truly are an asshole, I thought. Two years we\'92d been here, and after the initial flurry of meet-and-greets, those manic first months, Amy had no one she regularly saw. She had my mom, who was now dead, and me \'96 and our main form of conversation was attack and rebuttal. When we\'92d been back home for a year, I\'92d asked her faux gallantly: \'91And how are you liking North Carthage, Mrs Dunne?\'92 \'91New Carthage, you mean?\'92 she\'92d replied. I refused to ask her the reference, but I knew it was an insult.\
\
\'91She has a few good friends, but they\'92re mostly back east.\'92\
\
\'91Her folks?\'92\
\
\'91They live in New York. City.\'92\
\
\'91And you still haven\'92t called any of these people?\'92 Boney asked, a bemused smile on her face.\
\
\'91I\'92ve been doing everything else you\'92ve been asking me to do. I haven\'92t had a chance.\'92 I\'92d signed away permission to trace credit cards and ATMs and track Amy\'92s cell phone, I\'92d handed over Go\'92s cell number and the name of Sue, the widow at The Bar, who could presumably attest to the time I arrived.\
\
\'91Baby of the family.\'92 She shook her head. \'91You really do remind me of my little brother.\'92 A beat. \'91That\'92s a compliment, I swear.\'92\
\
\'91She dotes on him,\'92 Gilpin said, scribbling in a notebook. \'91Okay, so you left the house at about seven-thirty a.m., and you showed up at The Bar at about noon, and in between, you were at the beach.\'92\
\
There\'92s a beachhead about ten miles north of our house, a not overly pleasant collection of sand and silt and beer-bottle shards. Trash barrels overflowing with Styrofoam cups and dirty diapers. But there is a picnic table upwind that gets nice sun, and if you stare directly at the river, you can ignore the other crap.\
\
\'91I sometimes bring my coffee and the paper and just sit. Gotta make the most of summer.\'92\
\
No, I hadn\'92t talked to anyone at the beach. No, no one saw me.\
\
\'91It\'92s a quiet place midweek,\'92 Gilpin allowed.\
\
If the police talked to anyone who knew me, they\'92d quickly learn that I rarely went to the beach and that I never sometimes brought my coffee to just enjoy the morning. I have Irish-white skin and an impatience for navel-gazing: A beach boy I am not. I told the police that because it had been Amy\'92s idea, for me to go sit in the spot where I could be alone and watch the river I loved and ponder our life together. She\'92d said this to me this morning, after we\'92d eaten her crepes. She leaned forward on the table and said, \'91I know we are having a tough time. I still love you so much, Nick, and I know I have a lot of things to work on. I want to be a good wife to you, and I want you to be my husband and be happy. But you need to decide what you want.\'92\
\
She\'92d clearly been practicing the speech; she smiled proudly as she said it. And even as my wife was offering me this kindness, I was thinking, Of course she has to stage-manage this. She wants the image of me and the wild running river, my hair ruffling in the breeze as I look out onto the horizon and ponder our life together. I can\'92t just go to Dunkin\'92 Donuts.\
\
You need to decide what you want. Unfortunately for Amy, I had decided already.\
\
Boney looked up brightly from her notes: \'91Can you tell me what your wife\'92s blood type is?\'92 she asked.\
\
\'91Uh, no, I don\'92t know.\'92\
\
\'91You don\'92t know your wife\'92s blood type?\'92\
\
\'91Maybe O?\'92 I guessed.\
\
Boney frowned, then made a drawn-out yoga-like sound. \'91Okay, Nick, here are the things we are doing to help.\'92 She listed them: Amy\'92s cell was being monitored, her photo circulated, her credit cards tracked. Known sex offenders in the area were being interviewed. Our sparse neighborhood was being canvassed. Our home phone was tapped, in case any ransom calls came in.\
\
I wasn\'92t sure what to say now. I raked my memory for the lines: What does the husband say at this point in the movie? Depends on whether he\'92s guilty or innocent.\
\
\'91I can\'92t say that reassures me. Are you \'96 is this an abduction, or a missing persons case, or what exactly is going on?\'92 I knew the statistics, knew them from the same TV show I was starring in: If the first forty-eight hours didn\'92t turn up something in a case, it was likely to go unsolved. The first forty-eight hours were crucial. \'91I mean, my wife is gone. My wife: is gone!\'92 I realized it was the first time I\'92d said it the way it should have been said: panicked and angry. My dad was a man of infinite varieties of bitterness, rage, distaste. In my lifelong struggle to avoid becoming him, I\'92d developed an inability to demonstrate much negative emotion at all. It was another thing that made me seem like a dick \'96 my stomach could be all oiled eels, and you would get nothing from my face and less from my words. It was a constant problem: too much control or no control at all.\
\
\'91Nick, we are taking this extremely seriously,\'92 Boney said. \'91The lab guys are over at your place as we speak, and that will give us more information to go on. Right now, the more you can tell us about your wife, the better. What is she like?\'92\
\
The usual husband phrases came into my mind: She\'92s sweet, she\'92s great, she\'92s nice, she\'92s supportive.\
\
\'91What is she like how?\'92 I asked.\
\
\'91Give me an idea of her personality,\'92 Boney prompted. \'91Like, what did you get her for your anniversary? Jewelry?\'92\
\
\'91I hadn\'92t gotten anything quite yet,\'92 I said. \'91I was going to do it this afternoon.\'92 I waited for her to laugh and say \'91baby of the family\'92 again, but she didn\'92t.\
\
\'91Okay. Well, then, tell me about her. Is she outgoing? Is she \'96 I don\'92t know how to say this \'96 is she New Yorky? Like what might come off to some as rude? Might rub people the wrong way?\'92\
\
\'91I don\'92t know. She\'92s not a never-met-a-stranger kind of person, but she\'92s not \'96 not abrasive enough to make someone \'85 hurt her.\'92\
\
This was my eleventh lie. The Amy of today was abrasive enough to want to hurt, sometimes. I speak specifically of the Amy of today, who was only remotely like the woman I fell in love with. It had been an awful fairy-tale reverse transformation. Over just a few years, the old Amy, the girl of the big laugh and the easy ways, literally shed herself, a pile of skin and soul on the floor, and out stepped this new, brittle, bitter Amy. My wife was no longer my wife but a razor-wire knot daring me to unloop her, and I was not up to the job with my thick, numb, nervous fingers. Country fingers. Flyover fingers untrained in the intricate, dangerous work of solving Amy. When I\'92d hold up the bloody stumps, she\'92d sigh and turn to her secret mental notebook on which she tallied all my deficiencies, forever noting disappointments, frailties, shortcomings. My old Amy, damn, she was fun. She was funny. She made me laugh. I\'92d forgotten that. And she laughed. From the bottom of her throat, from right behind that small finger-shaped hollow, which is the best place to laugh from. She released her grievances like handfuls of birdseed: They are there, and they are gone.\
\
She was not the thing she became, the thing I feared most: an angry woman. I was not good with angry women. They brought something out in me that was unsavory.\
\
\'91She bossy?\'92 Gilpin asked. \'91Take-charge?\'92\
\
I thought of Amy\'92s calendar, the one that went three years into the future, and if you looked a year ahead, you would actually find appointments: dermatologist, dentist, vet. \'91She\'92s a planner \'96 she doesn\'92t, you know, wing anything. She likes to make lists and check things off. Get things done. That\'92s why this doesn\'92t make sense\'97\'92\
\
\'91That can drive you crazy,\'92 Boney said sympathetically. \'91If you\'92re not that type. You seem very B-personality.\'92\
\
\'91I\'92m a little more laid-back, I guess,\'92 I said. Then I added the part I was supposed to add: \'91We round each other out.\'92\
\
I looked at the clock on the wall, and Boney touched my hand.\
\
\'91Hey, why don\'92t you go ahead and give a call to Amy\'92s parents? I\'92m sure they\'92d appreciate it.\'92\
\
It was past midnight. Amy\'92s parents went to sleep at nine p.m.; they were strangely boastful about this early bedtime. They\'92d be deep asleep by now, so this would be an urgent middle-of-the-night call. Cells went off at 8:45 always, so Rand Elliott would have to walk from his bed all the way to the end of the hall to pick up the old heavy phone; he\'92d be fumbling with his glasses, fussy with the table lamp. He\'92d be telling himself all the reasons not to worry about a late-night phone call, all the harmless reasons the phone might be ringing.\
\
I dialed twice and hung up before I let the call ring through. When I did, it was Marybeth, not Rand, who answered, her deep voice buzzing my ears. I\'92d only gotten to \'91Marybeth, this is Nick\'92 when I lost it.\
\
\'91What is it, Nick?\'92\
\
I took a breath.\
\
\'91Is it Amy? Tell me.\'92\
\
\'91I uh \'96 I\'92m sorry I should have called\'97\'92\
\
\'91Tell me, goddamn it!\'92\
\
\'91We c-can\'92t find Amy,\'92 I stuttered.\
\
\'91You can\'92t find Amy?\'92\
\
\'91I don\'92t know\'97\'92\
\
\'91Amy is missing?\'92\
\
\'91We don\'92t know that for sure, we\'92re still\'97\'92\
\
\'91Since when?\'92\
\
\'91We\'92re not sure. I left this morning, a little after seven\'97\'92\
\
\'91And you waited till now to call us?\'92\
\
\'91I\'92m sorry, I didn\'92t want to\'97\'92\
\
\'91Jesus Christ. We played tennis tonight. Tennis, and we could have been \'85 My God. Are the police involved? You\'92ve notified them?\'92\
\
\'91I\'92m at the station right now.\'92\
\
\'91Put on whoever\'92s in charge, Nick. Please.\'92\
\
Like a kid, I went to fetch Gilpin. My mommy-in-law wants to talk to you.\
\
Phoning the Elliotts made it official. The emergency \'96 Amy is gone \'96 was spreading to the outside.\
\
I was heading back to the interview room when I heard my father\'92s voice. Sometimes, in particularly shameful moments, I heard his voice in my head. But this was my father\'92s voice, here. His words emerged in wet bubbles like something from a rancid bog. Bitch bitch bitch. My father, out of his mind, had taken to flinging the word at any woman who even vaguely annoyed him: bitch bitch bitch. I peered inside a conference room, and there he sat on a bench against the wall. He had been a handsome man once, intense and cleft-chinned. Jarringly dreamy was how my aunt had described him. Now he sat muttering at the floor, his blond hair matted, trousers muddy and arms scratched, as if he\'92d fought his way through a thornbush. A line of spittle glimmered down his chin like a snail\'92s trail, and he was flexing and unflexing arm muscles that had not yet gone to seed. A tense female officer sat next to him, her lips in an angry pucker, trying to ignore him: Bitch bitch bitch I told you bitch.\
\
\'91What\'92s going on?\'92 I asked her. \'91This is my father.\'92\
\
\'91You got our call?\'92\
\
\'91What call?\'92\
\
\'91To come get your father.\'92 She overenunciated, as if I were a dim ten-year-old.\
\
\'91I \'96 My wife is missing. I\'92ve been here most of the night.\'92\
\
She stared at me, not connecting in the least. I could see her debating whether to sacrifice her leverage and apologise, inquire. Then my father started up again, bitch bitch bitch, and she chose to keep the leverage.\
\
\'91Sir, Comfort Hill has been trying to contact you all day. Your father wandered out a fire exit early this morning. He\'92s got a few scratches and scrapes, as you can see, but no damage. We picked him up a few hours ago, walking down River Road, disoriented. We\'92ve been trying to reach you.\'92\
\
\'91I\'92ve been right here,\'92 I said. \'91Right goddamn next door, how did no one put this together?\'92\
\
Bitch bitch bitch, said my dad.\
\
\'91Sir, please don\'92t take that tone with me.\'92\
\
Bitch bitch bitch.\
\
Boney ordered an officer \'96 male \'96 to drive my dad back to the home so I could finish up with them. We stood on the stairs outside the police station, watched him get settled into the car, still muttering. The entire time he never registered my presence. When they drove off, he didn\'92t even look back.\
\
\'91You guys not close?\'92 she asked.\
\
\'91We are the definition of not close.\'92\
\
The police finished with their questions and hustled me into a squad car at about two a.m. with advice to get a good night\'92s sleep and return at eleven a.m. for a 12-noon press conference.\
\
I didn\'92t ask if I could go home. I had them take me to Go\'92s, because I knew she\'92d stay up and have a drink with me, fix me a sandwich. It was, pathetically, all I wanted right then: a woman to fix me a sandwich and not ask me any questions.\
\
\'91You don\'92t want to go look for her?\'92 Go offered as I ate. \'91We can drive around.\'92\
\
\'91That seems pointless,\'92 I said dully. \'91Where do I look?\'92\
\
\'91Nick, this is really fucking serious.\'92\
\
\'91I know, Go.\'92\
\
\'91Act like it, okay, Lance? Don\'92t fucking myuhmyuhmyuh.\'92 It was a thick-tongued noise, the noise she always made to convey my indecisiveness, accompanied by a dazed rolling of the eyes and the dusting off of my legal first name. No one who has my face needs to be called Lance. She handed me a tumbler of Scotch. \'91And drink this, but only this. You don\'92t want to be hungover tomorrow. Where the fuck could she be? God, I feel sick to my stomach.\'92 She poured herself a glass, gulped, then tried to sip, pacing around the kitchen. \'91Aren\'92t you worried, Nick? That some guy, like, saw her on the street and just, just decided to take her? Hit her on the head and\'97\'92\
\
I started. \'91Why did you say hit her on the head, what the fuck is that?\'92\
\
\'91I\'92m sorry, I didn\'92t mean to paint a picture, I just \'85 I don\'92t know, I just keep thinking. About some crazy person.\'92 She splashed some more Scotch into her tumbler.\
\
\'91Speaking of crazy people,\'92 I said, \'91Dad got out again today, they found him wandering down River Road. He\'92s back at Comfort now.\'92\
\
She shrugged: okay. It was the third time in six months that our dad had slipped out. Go was lighting a cigarette, her thoughts still on Amy. \'91I mean, isn\'92t there someone we can go talk to?\'92 she asked. \'91Something we can do?\'92\
\
\'91Jesus, Go! You really need me to feel more fucking impotent than I do right now?\'92 I snapped. \'91I have no idea what I\'92m supposed to be doing. There\'92s no \'93When Your Wife Goes Missing 101.\'94 The police told me I could leave. I left. I\'92m just doing what they tell me.\'92\
\
\'91Of course you are,\'92 murmured Go, who had a long-stymied mission to turn me into a rebel. It wouldn\'92t take. I was the kid in high school who made curfew; I was the writer who hit my deadlines, even the fake ones. I respect rules, because if you follow rules, things go smoothly, usually.\
\
\'91Fuck, Go, I\'92m back at the station in a few hours, okay? Can you please just be nice to me for a second? I\'92m scared shitless.\'92\
\
We had a five-second staring contest, then Go filled up my glass one more time, an apology. She sat down next to me, put a hand on my shoulder.\
\
\'91Poor Amy,\'92 she said.\
\
\
\
\
\
}